1. All that we are is the result of what we have thought: it is founded on our thoughts, it is made up of our thoughts. If a man speaks or acts with an evil thought, pain follows him, as the wheel follows the foot of the ox that draws the carriage.
2. All that we are is the result of what we have thought: it is founded on our thoughts, it is made up of our thoughts. If a man speaks or acts with a pure thought, happiness follows him, like a shadow that never leaves him.
3. "He abused me, he beat me, he defeated me, he robbed me,"—in those who harbour such thoughts hatred will never cease.
4. "He abused me, he beat me, he defeated me, he robbed me,"—in those who do not harbour such thoughts hatred will cease.
5. For hatred does not cease by hatred at any time: hatred ceases by love, this is an old rule.
6. The world does not know that we must all come to an end here;—but those who know it, their quarrels cease at once.
7. He who lives looking for pleasures only, his senses uncontrolled, immoderate in his food, idle, and weak, Mara (the tempter) will certainly overthrow him, as the wind throws down a weak tree.
8. He who lives without looking for pleasures, his senses well controlled, moderate in his food, faithful and strong, him Mara will certainly not overthrow, any more than the wind throws down a rocky mountain.
9. He who wishes to put on the yellow dress without having cleansed himself from sin, who disregards temperance and truth, is unworthy of the yellow dress.
10. But he who has cleansed himself from sin, is well grounded in all virtues, and regards also temperance and truth, he is indeed worthy of the yellow dress.
11. They who imagine truth in untruth, and see untruth in truth, never arrive at truth, but follow vain desires.
12. They who know truth in truth, and untruth in untruth, arrive at truth, and follow true desires.
13. As rain breaks through an ill-thatched house, passion will break through an unreflecting mind.
14. As rain does not break through a well-thatched house, passion will not break through a well-reflecting mind.
15. The evil-doer mourns in this world, and he mourns in the next; he mourns in both. He mourns and suffers when he sees the evil of his own work.
16. The virtuous man delights in this world, and he delights in the next; he delights in both. He delights and rejoices, when he sees the purity of his own work.
17. The evil-doer suffers in this world, and he suffers in the next; he suffers in both. He suffers when he thinks of the evil he has done; he suffers more when going on the evil path.
18. The virtuous man is happy in this world, and he is happy in the next; he is happy in both. He is happy when he thinks of the good he has done; he is still more happy when going on the good path.
19. The thoughtless man, even if he can recite a large portion (of the law), but is not a doer of it, has no share in the priesthood, but is like a cowherd counting the cows of others.
20. The follower of the law, even if he can recite only a small portion (of the law), but, having forsaken passion and hatred and foolishness, possesses true knowledge and serenity of mind, he, caring for nothing in this world or that to come, has indeed a share in the priesthood.
21. Earnestness is the path of immortality (Nirvana), thoughtlessness the path of death. Those who are in earnest do not die, those who are thoughtless are as if dead already.
22. Those who are advanced in earnestness, having understood this clearly, delight in earnestness, and rejoice in the knowledge of the Ariyas (the elect).
23. These wise people, meditative, steady, always possessed of strong powers, attain to Nirvana, the highest happiness.
24. If an earnest person has roused himself, if he is not forgetful, if his deeds are pure, if he acts with consideration, if he restrains himself, and lives according to law,—then his glory will increase.
25. By rousing himself, by earnestness, by restraint and control, the wise man may make for himself an island which no flood can overwhelm.
26. Fools follow after vanity, men of evil wisdom. The wise man keeps earnestness as his best jewel.
27. Follow not after vanity, nor after the enjoyment of love and lust! He who is earnest and meditative, obtains ample joy.
28. When the learned man drives away vanity by earnestness, he, the wise, climbing the terraced heights of wisdom, looks down upon the fools, serene he looks upon the toiling crowd, as one that stands on a mountain looks down upon them that stand upon the plain.
29. Earnest among the thoughtless, awake among the sleepers, the wise man advances like a racer, leaving behind the hack.
30. By earnestness did Maghavan (Indra) rise to the lordship of the gods. People praise earnestness; thoughtlessness is always blamed.
31. A Bhikshu (mendicant) who delights in earnestness, who looks with fear on thoughtlessness, moves about like fire, burning all his fetters, small or large.
32. A Bhikshu (mendicant) who delights in reflection, who looks with fear on thoughtlessness, cannot fall away (from his perfect state)—he is close upon Nirvana.
33. As a fletcher makes straight his arrow, a wise man makes straight his trembling and unsteady thought, which is difficult to guard, difficult to hold back.
34. As a fish taken from his watery home and thrown on dry ground, our thought trembles all over in order to escape the dominion of Mara (the tempter).
35. It is good to tame the mind, which is difficult to hold in and flighty, rushing wherever it listeth; a tamed mind brings happiness.
36. Let the wise man guard his thoughts, for they are difficult to perceive, very artful, and they rush wherever they list: thoughts well guarded bring happiness.
37. Those who bridle their mind which travels far, moves about alone, is without a body, and hides in the chamber (of the heart), will be free from the bonds of Mara (the tempter).
38. If a man's thoughts are unsteady, if he does not know the true law, if his peace of mind is troubled, his knowledge will never be perfect.
39. If a man's thoughts are not dissipated, if his mind is not perplexed, if he has ceased to think of good or evil, then there is no fear for him while he is watchful.
40. Knowing that this body is (fragile) like a jar, and making this thought firm like a fortress, one should attack Mara (the tempter) with the weapon of knowledge, one should watch him when conquered, and should never rest.
41. Before long, alas! this body will lie on the earth, despised, without understanding, like a useless log.
42. Whatever a hater may do to a hater, or an enemy to an enemy, a wrongly-directed mind will do us greater mischief.
43. Not a mother, not a father will do so much, nor any other relative; a well-directed mind will do us greater service.
44. Who shall overcome this earth, and the world of Yama (the lord of the departed), and the world of the gods? Who shall find out the plainly shown path of virtue, as a clever man finds out the (right) flower?
45. The disciple will overcome the earth, and the world of Yama, and the world of the gods. The disciple will find out the plainly shown path of virtue, as a clever man finds out the (right) flower.
46. He who knows that this body is like froth, and has learnt that it is as unsubstantial as a mirage, will break the flower-pointed arrow of Mara, and never see the king of death.
47. Death carries off a man who is gathering flowers and whose mind is distracted, as a flood carries off a sleeping village.
48. Death subdues a man who is gathering flowers, and whose mind is distracted, before he is satiated in his pleasures.
49. As the bee collects nectar and departs without injuring the flower, or its colour or scent, so let a sage dwell in his village.
50. Not the perversities of others, not their sins of commission or omission, but his own misdeeds and negligences should a sage take notice of.
51. Like a beautiful flower, full of colour, but without scent, are the fine but fruitless words of him who does not act accordingly.
52. But, like a beautiful flower, full of colour and full of scent, are the fine and fruitful words of him who acts accordingly.
53. As many kinds of wreaths can be made from a heap of flowers, so many good things may be achieved by a mortal when once he is born.
54. The scent of flowers does not travel against the wind, nor (that of) sandal-wood, or of Tagara and Mallika flowers; but the odour of good people travels even against the wind; a good man pervades every place.
55. Sandal-wood or Tagara, a lotus-flower, or a Vassiki, among these sorts of perfumes, the perfume of virtue is unsurpassed.
56. Mean is the scent that comes from Tagara and sandal-wood;—the perfume of those who possess virtue rises up to the gods as the highest.
57. Of the people who possess these virtues, who live without thoughtlessness, and who are emancipated through true knowledge, Mara, the tempter, never finds the way.
58, 59. As on a heap of rubbish cast upon the highway the lily will grow full of sweet perfume and delight, thus the disciple of the truly enlightened Buddha shines forth by his knowledge among those who are like rubbish, among the people that walk in darkness.
60. Long is the night to him who is awake; long is a mile to him who is tired; long is life to the foolish who do not know the true law.
61. If a traveller does not meet with one who is his better, or his equal, let him firmly keep to his solitary journey; there is no companionship with a fool.
62. "These sons belong to me, and this wealth belongs to me," with such thoughts a fool is tormented. He himself does not belong to himself; how much less sons and wealth?
63. The fool who knows his foolishness, is wise at least so far. But a fool who thinks himself wise, he is called a fool indeed.
64. If a fool be associated with a wise man even all his life, he will perceive the truth as little as a spoon perceives the taste of soup.
65. If an intelligent man be associated for one minute only with a wise man, he will soon perceive the truth, as the tongue perceives the taste of soup.
66. Fools of little understanding have themselves for their greatest enemies, for they do evil deeds which must bear bitter fruits.
67. That deed is not well done of which a man must repent, and the reward of which he receives crying and with a tearful face.
68. No, that deed is well done of which a man does not repent, and the reward of which he receives gladly and cheerfully.
69. As long as the evil deed done does not bear fruit, the fool thinks it is like honey; but when it ripens, then the fool suffers grief.
70. Let a fool month after month eat his food (like an ascetic) with the tip of a blade of Kusa grass, yet he is not worth the sixteenth particle of those who have well weighed the law.
71. An evil deed, like newly-drawn milk, does not turn (suddenly); smouldering, like fire covered by ashes, it follows the fool.
72. And when the evil deed, after it has become known, brings sorrow to the fool, then it destroys his bright lot, nay, it cleaves his head.
73. Let the fool wish for a false reputation, for precedence among the Bhikshus, for lordship in the convents, for worship among other people!
74. "May both the layman and he who has left the world think that this is done by me; may they be subject to me in everything which is to be done or is not to be done," thus is the mind of the fool, and his desire and pride increase.
75. "One is the road that leads to wealth, another the road that leads to Nirvana;" if the Bhikshu, the disciple of Buddha, has learnt this, he will not yearn for honour, he will strive after separation from the world.
76. If you see an intelligent man who tells you where true treasures are to be found, who shows what is to be avoided, and administers reproofs, follow that wise man; it will be better, not worse, for those who follow him.
77. Let him admonish, let him teach, let him forbid what is improper!—he will be beloved of the good, by the bad he will be hated.
78. Do not have evil-doers for friends, do not have low people for friends: have virtuous people for friends, have for friends the best of men.
79. He who drinks in the law lives happily with a serene mind: the sage rejoices always in the law, as preached by the elect (Ariyas).
80. Well-makers lead the water (wherever they like); fletchers bend the arrow; carpenters bend a log of wood; wise people fashion themselves.
81. As a solid rock is not shaken by the wind, wise people falter not amidst blame and praise.
82. Wise people, after they have listened to the laws, become serene, like a deep, smooth, and still lake.
83. Good people walk on whatever befall, the good do not prattle, longing for pleasure; whether touched by happiness or sorrow wise people never appear elated or depressed.
84. If, whether for his own sake, or for the sake of others, a man wishes neither for a son, nor for wealth, nor for lordship, and if he does not wish for his own success by unfair means, then he is good, wise, and virtuous.
85. Few are there among men who arrive at the other shore (become Arhats); the other people here run up and down the shore.
86. But those who, when the law has been well preached to them, follow the law, will pass across the dominion of death, however difficult to overcome.
87, 88. A wise man should leave the dark state (of ordinary life), and follow the bright state (of the Bhikshu). After going from his home to a homeless state, he should in his retirement look for enjoyment where there seemed to be no enjoyment. Leaving all pleasures behind, and calling nothing his own, the wise man should purge himself from all the troubles of the mind.
89. Those whose mind is well grounded in the (seven) elements of knowledge, who without clinging to anything, rejoice in freedom from attachment, whose appetites have been conquered, and who are full of light, are free (even) in this world.
90. There is no suffering for him who has finished his journey, and abandoned grief, who has freed himself on all sides, and thrown off all fetters.
91. They depart with their thoughts well-collected, they are not happy in their abode; like swans who have left their lake, they leave their house and home.
92. Men who have no riches, who live on recognised food, who have perceived void and unconditioned freedom (Nirvana), their path is difficult to understand, like that of birds in the air.
93. He whose appetites are stilled, who is not absorbed in enjoyment, who has perceived void and unconditioned freedom (Nirvana), his path is difficult to understand, like that of birds in the air.
94. The gods even envy him whose senses, like horses well broken in by the driver, have been subdued, who is free from pride, and free from appetites.
95. Such a one who does his duty is tolerant like the earth, like Indra's bolt; he is like a lake without mud; no new births are in store for him.
96. His thought is quiet, quiet are his word and deed, when he has obtained freedom by true knowledge, when he has thus become a quiet man.
97. The man who is free from credulity, but knows the uncreated, who has cut all ties, removed all temptations, renounced all desires, he is the greatest of men.
98. In a hamlet or in a forest, in the deep water or on the dry land, wherever venerable persons (Arhanta) dwell, that place is delightful.
99. Forests are delightful; where the world finds no delight, there the passionless will find delight, for they look not for pleasures.
100. Even though a speech be a thousand (of words), but made up of senseless words, one word of sense is better, which if a man hears, he becomes quiet.
101. Even though a Gatha (poem) be a thousand (of words), but made up of senseless words, one word of a Gatha is better, which if a man hears, he becomes quiet.
102. Though a man recite a hundred Gathas made up of senseless words, one word of the law is better, which if a man hears, he becomes quiet.
103. If one man conquer in battle a thousand times thousand men, and if another conquer himself, he is the greatest of conquerors.
104, 105. One's own self conquered is better than all other people; not even a god, a Gandharva, not Mara with Brahman could change into defeat the victory of a man who has vanquished himself, and always lives under restraint.
106. If a man for a hundred years sacrifice month after month with a thousand, and if he but for one moment pay homage to a man whose soul is grounded (in true knowledge), better is that homage than sacrifice for a hundred years.
107. If a man for a hundred years worship Agni (fire) in the forest, and if he but for one moment pay homage to a man whose soul is grounded (in true knowledge), better is that homage than sacrifice for a hundred years.
108. Whatever a man sacrifice in this world as an offering or as an oblation for a whole year in order to gain merit, the whole of it is not worth a quarter (a farthing); reverence shown to the righteous is better.
109. He who always greets and constantly reveres the aged, four things will increase to him, viz. life, beauty, happiness, power.
110. But he who lives a hundred years, vicious and unrestrained, a life of one day is better if a man is virtuous and reflecting.
111. And he who lives a hundred years, ignorant and unrestrained, a life of one day is better if a man is wise and reflecting.
112. And he who lives a hundred years, idle and weak, a life of one day is better if a man has attained firm strength.
113. And he who lives a hundred years, not seeing beginning and end, a life of one day is better if a man sees beginning and end.
114. And he who lives a hundred years, not seeing the immortal place, a life of one day is better if a man sees the immortal place.
115. And he who lives a hundred years, not seeing the highest law, a life of one day is better if a man sees the highest law.
116. If a man would hasten towards the good, he should keep his thought away from evil; if a man does what is good slothfully, his mind delights in evil.
117. If a man commits a sin, let him not do it again; let him not delight in sin: pain is the outcome of evil.
118. If a man does what is good, let him do it again; let him delight in it: happiness is the outcome of good.
119. Even an evil-doer sees happiness as long as his evil deed has not ripened; but when his evil deed has ripened, then does the evil-doer see evil.
120. Even a good man sees evil days, as long as his good deed has not ripened; but when his good deed has ripened, then does the good man see happy days.
121. Let no man think lightly of evil, saying in his heart, It will not come nigh unto me. Even by the falling of water-drops a water-pot is filled; the fool becomes full of evil, even if he gather it little by little.
122. Let no man think lightly of good, saying in his heart, It will not come nigh unto me. Even by the falling of water-drops a water-pot is filled; the wise man becomes full of good, even if he gather it little by little.
123. Let a man avoid evil deeds, as a merchant, if he has few companions and carries much wealth, avoids a dangerous road; as a man who loves life avoids poison.
124. He who has no wound on his hand, may touch poison with his hand; poison does not affect one who has no wound; nor is there evil for one who does not commit evil.
125. If a man offend a harmless, pure, and innocent person, the evil falls back upon that fool, like light dust thrown up against the wind.
126. Some people are born again; evil-doers go to hell; righteous people go to heaven; those who are free from all worldly desires attain Nirvana.
127. Not in the sky, not in the midst of the sea, not if we enter into the clefts of the mountains, is there known a spot in the whole world where death could not overcome (the mortal).
129. All men tremble at punishment, all men fear death; remember that you are like unto them, and do not kill, nor cause slaughter.
130. All men tremble at punishment, all men love life; remember that thou art like unto them, and do not kill, nor cause slaughter.
131. He who seeking his own happiness punishes or kills beings who also long for happiness, will not find happiness after death.
132. He who seeking his own happiness does not punish or kill beings who also long for happiness, will find happiness after death.
133. Do not speak harshly to anybody; those who are spoken to will answer thee in the same way. Angry speech is painful, blows for blows will touch thee.
134. If, like a shattered metal plate (gong), thou utter not, then thou hast reached Nirvana; contention is not known to thee.
135. As a cowherd with his staff drives his cows into the stable, so do Age and Death drive the life of men.
136. A fool does not know when he commits his evil deeds: but the wicked man burns by his own deeds, as if burnt by fire.
137. He who inflicts pain on innocent and harmless persons, will soon come to one of these ten states:
138. He will have cruel suffering, loss, injury of the body, heavy affliction, or loss of mind,
139. Or a misfortune coming from the king, or a fearful accusation, or loss of relations, or destruction of treasures,
140. Or lightning-fire will burn his houses; and when his body is destroyed, the fool will go to hell.
141. Not nakedness, not platted hair, not dirt, not fasting, or lying on the earth, not rubbing with dust, not sitting motionless, can purify a mortal who has not overcome desires.
142. He who, though dressed in fine apparel, exercises tranquillity, is quiet, subdued, restrained, chaste, and has ceased to find fault with all other beings, he indeed is a Brahmana, an ascetic (sramana), a friar (bhikshu).
143. Is there in this world any man so restrained by humility that he does not mind reproof, as a well-trained horse the whip?
144. Like a well-trained horse when touched by the whip, be ye active and lively, and by faith, by virtue, by energy, by meditation, by discernment of the law you will overcome this great pain (of reproof), perfect in knowledge and in behaviour, and never forgetful.
145. Well-makers lead the water (wherever they like); fletchers bend the arrow; carpenters bend a log of wood; good people fashion themselves.
146. How is there laughter, how is there joy, as this world is always burning? Why do you not seek a light, ye who are surrounded by darkness?
147. Look at this dressed-up lump, covered with wounds, joined together, sickly, full of many thoughts, which has no strength, no hold!
148. This body is wasted, full of sickness, and frail; this heap of corruption breaks to pieces, life indeed ends in death.
149. Those white bones, like gourds thrown away in the autumn, what pleasure is there in looking at them?
150. After a stronghold has been made of the bones, it is covered with flesh and blood, and there dwell in it old age and death, pride and deceit.
151. The brilliant chariots of kings are destroyed, the body also approaches destruction, but the virtue of good people never approaches destruction,—thus do the good say to the good.
152. A man who has learnt little, grows old like an ox; his flesh grows, but his knowledge does not grow.
153, 154. Looking for the maker of this tabernacle, I shall have to run through a course of many births, so long as I do not find (him); and painful is birth again and again. But now, maker of the tabernacle, thou hast been seen; thou shalt not make up this tabernacle again. All thy rafters are broken, thy ridge-pole is sundered; the mind, approaching the Eternal (visankhara, nirvana), has attained to the extinction of all desires.
155. Men who have not observed proper discipline, and have not gained treasure in their youth, perish like old herons in a lake without fish.
156. Men who have not observed proper discipline, and have not gained treasure in their youth, lie, like broken bows, sighing after the past.
157. If a man hold himself dear, let him watch himself carefully; during one at least out of the three watches a wise man should be watchful.
158. Let each man direct himself first to what is proper, then let him teach others; thus a wise man will not suffer.
159. If a man make himself as he teaches others to be, then, being himself well subdued, he may subdue (others); one's own self is indeed difficult to subdue.
160. Self is the lord of self, who else could be the lord? With self well subdued, a man finds a lord such as few can find.
161. The evil done by oneself, self-begotten, self-bred, crushes the foolish, as a diamond breaks a precious stone.
162. He whose wickedness is very great brings himself down to that state where his enemy wishes him to be, as a creeper does with the tree which it surrounds.
163. Bad deeds, and deeds hurtful to ourselves, are easy to do; what is beneficial and good, that is very difficult to do.
164. The foolish man who scorns the rule of the venerable (Arahat), of the elect (Ariya), of the virtuous, and follows false doctrine, he bears fruit to his own destruction, like the fruits of the Katthaka reed.
165. By oneself the evil is done, by oneself one suffers; by oneself evil is left undone, by oneself one is purified. Purity and impurity belong to oneself, no one can purify another.
166. Let no one forget his own duty for the sake of another's, however great; let a man, after he has discerned his own duty, be always attentive to his duty.
167. Do not follow the evil law! Do not live on in thoughtlessness! Do not follow false doctrine! Be not a friend of the world.
168. Rouse thyself! do not be idle! Follow the law of virtue! The virtuous rests in bliss in this world and in the next.
169. Follow the law of virtue; do not follow that of sin. The virtuous rests in bliss in this world and in the next.
170. Look upon the world as a bubble, look upon it as a mirage: the king of death does not see him who thus looks down upon the world.
171. Come, look at this glittering world, like unto a royal chariot; the foolish are immersed in it, but the wise do not touch it.
172. He who formerly was reckless and afterwards became sober, brightens up this world, like the moon when freed from clouds.
173. He whose evil deeds are covered by good deeds, brightens up this world, like the moon when freed from clouds.
174. This world is dark, few only can see here; a few only go to heaven, like birds escaped from the net.
175. The swans go on the path of the sun, they go through the ether by means of their miraculous power; the wise are led out of this world, when they have conquered Mara and his train.
176. If a man has transgressed one law, and speaks lies, and scoffs at another world, there is no evil he will not do.
177. The uncharitable do not go to the world of the gods; fools only do not praise liberality; a wise man rejoices in liberality, and through it becomes blessed in the other world.
178. Better than sovereignty over the earth, better than going to heaven, better than lordship over all worlds, is the reward of the first step in holiness.
179. He whose conquest is not conquered again, into whose conquest no one in this world enters, by what track can you lead him, the Awakened, the Omniscient, the trackless?
180. He whom no desire with its snares and poisons can lead astray, by what track can you lead him, the Awakened, the Omniscient, the trackless?
181. Even the gods envy those who are awakened and not forgetful, who are given to meditation, who are wise, and who delight in the repose of retirement (from the world).
182. Difficult (to obtain) is the conception of men, difficult is the life of mortals, difficult is the hearing of the True Law, difficult is the birth of the Awakened (the attainment of Buddhahood).
183. Not to commit any sin, to do good, and to purify one's mind, that is the teaching of (all) the Awakened.
184. The Awakened call patience the highest penance, long-suffering the highest Nirvana; for he is not an anchorite (pravragita) who strikes others, he is not an ascetic (sramana) who insults others.
185. Not to blame, not to strike, to live restrained under the law, to be moderate in eating, to sleep and sit alone, and to dwell on the highest thoughts,—this is the teaching of the Awakened.
186. There is no satisfying lusts, even by a shower of gold pieces; he who knows that lusts have a short taste and cause pain, he is wise;
187. Even in heavenly pleasures he finds no satisfaction, the disciple who is fully awakened delights only in the destruction of all desires.
188. Men, driven by fear, go to many a refuge, to mountains and forests, to groves and sacred trees.
189. But that is not a safe refuge, that is not the best refuge; a man is not delivered from all pains after having gone to that refuge.
190. He who takes refuge with Buddha, the Law, and the Church; he who, with clear understanding, sees the four holy truths:—
191. Viz. pain, the origin of pain, the destruction of pain, and the eightfold holy way that leads to the quieting of pain;—
192. That is the safe refuge, that is the best refuge; having gone to that refuge, a man is delivered from all pain.
193. A supernatural person (a Buddha) is not easily found, he is not born everywhere. Wherever such a sage is born, that race prospers.
194. Happy is the arising of the awakened, happy is the teaching of the True Law, happy is peace in the church, happy is the devotion of those who are at peace.
195, 196. He who pays homage to those who deserve homage, whether the awakened (Buddha) or their disciples, those who have overcome the host (of evils), and crossed the flood of sorrow, he who pays homage to such as have found deliverance and know no fear, his merit can never be measured by anybody.
197. Let us live happily then, not hating those who hate us! among men who hate us let us dwell free from hatred!
198. Let us live happily then, free from ailments among the ailing! among men who are ailing let us dwell free from ailments!
199. Let us live happily then, free from greed among the greedy! among men who are greedy let us dwell free from greed!
200. Let us live happily then, though we call nothing our own! We shall be like the bright gods, feeding on happiness!
201. Victory breeds hatred, for the conquered is unhappy. He who has given up both victory and defeat, he, the contented, is happy.
202. There is no fire like passion; there is no losing throw like hatred; there is no pain like this body; there is no happiness higher than rest.
203. Hunger is the worst of diseases, the body the greatest of pains; if one knows this truly, that is Nirvana, the highest happiness.
204. Health is the greatest of gifts, contentedness the best riches; trust is the best of relationships, Nirvana the highest happiness.
205. He who has tasted the sweetness of solitude and tranquillity, is free from fear and free from sin, while he tastes the sweetness of drinking in the law.
206. The sight of the elect (Arya) is good, to live with them is always happiness; if a man does not see fools, he will be truly happy.
207. He who walks in the company of fools suffers a long way; company with fools, as with an enemy, is always painful; company with the wise is pleasure, like meeting with kinsfolk.
208. Therefore, one ought to follow the wise, the intelligent, the learned, the much enduring, the dutiful, the elect; one ought to follow a good and wise man, as the moon follows the path of the stars.
209. He who gives himself to vanity, and does not give himself to meditation, forgetting the real aim (of life) and grasping at pleasure, will in time envy him who has exerted himself in meditation.
210. Let no man ever look for what is pleasant, or what is unpleasant. Not to see what is pleasant is pain, and it is pain to see what is unpleasant.
211. Let, therefore, no man love anything; loss of the beloved is evil. Those who love nothing and hate nothing, have no fetters.
212. From pleasure comes grief, from pleasure comes fear; he who is free from pleasure knows neither grief nor fear.
213. From affection comes grief, from affection comes fear; he who is free from affection knows neither grief nor fear.
214. From lust comes grief, from lust comes fear; he who is free from lust knows neither grief nor fear.
215. From love comes grief, from love comes fear; he who is free from love knows neither grief nor fear.
216. From greed comes grief, from greed comes fear; he who is free from greed knows neither grief nor fear.
217. He who possesses virtue and intelligence, who is just, speaks the truth, and does what is his own business, him the world will hold dear.
218. He in whom a desire for the Ineffable (Nirvana) has sprung up, who is satisfied in his mind, and whose thoughts are not bewildered by love, he is called urdhvamsrotas (carried upwards by the stream).
219. Kinsmen, friends, and lovers salute a man who has been long away, and returns safe from afar.
220. In like manner his good works receive him who has done good, and has gone from this world to the other;—as kinsmen receive a friend on his return.
221. Let a man leave anger, let him forsake pride, let him overcome all bondage! No sufferings befall the man who is not attached to name and form, and who calls nothing his own.
222. He who holds back rising anger like a rolling chariot, him I call a real driver; other people are but holding the reins.
223. Let a man overcome anger by love, let him overcome evil by good; let him overcome the greedy by liberality, the liar by truth!
224. Speak the truth, do not yield to anger; give, if thou art asked for little; by these three steps thou wilt go near the gods.
225. The sages who injure nobody, and who always control their body, they will go to the unchangeable place (Nirvana), where, if they have gone, they will suffer no more.
226. Those who are ever watchful, who study day and night, and who strive after Nirvana, their passions will come to an end.
227. This is an old saying, O Atula, this is not only of to-day: `They blame him who sits silent, they blame him who speaks much, they also blame him who says little; there is no one on earth who is not blamed.'
228. There never was, there never will be, nor is there now, a man who is always blamed, or a man who is always praised.
229, 230. But he whom those who discriminate praise continually day after day, as without blemish, wise, rich in knowledge and virtue, who would dare to blame him, like a coin made of gold from the Gambu river? Even the gods praise him, he is praised even by Brahman.
231. Beware of bodily anger, and control thy body! Leave the sins of the body, and with thy body practise virtue!
232. Beware of the anger of the tongue, and control thy tongue! Leave the sins of the tongue, and practise virtue with thy tongue!
233. Beware of the anger of the mind, and control thy mind! Leave the sins of the mind, and practise virtue with thy mind!
234. The wise who control their body, who control their tongue, the wise who control their mind, are indeed well controlled.
235. Thou art now like a sear leaf, the messengers of death (Yama) have come near to thee; thou standest at the door of thy departure, and thou hast no provision for thy journey.
236. Make thyself an island, work hard, be wise! When thy impurities are blown away, and thou art free from guilt, thou wilt enter into the heavenly world of the elect (Ariya).
237. Thy life has come to an end, thou art come near to death (Yama), there is no resting-place for thee on the road, and thou hast no provision for thy journey.
238. Make thyself an island, work hard, be wise! When thy impurities are blown away, and thou art free from guilt, thou wilt not enter again into birth and decay.
239. Let a wise man blow off the impurities of his self, as a smith blows off the impurities of silver one by one, little by little, and from time to time.
240. As the impurity which springs from the iron, when it springs from it, destroys it; thus do a transgressor's own works lead him to the evil path.
241. The taint of prayers is non-repetition; the taint of houses, non-repair; the taint of the body is sloth; the taint of a watchman, thoughtlessness.
242. Bad conduct is the taint of woman, greediness the taint of a benefactor; tainted are all evil ways in this world and in the next.
243. But there is a taint worse than all taints,—ignorance is the greatest taint. O mendicants! throw off that taint, and become taintless!
244. Life is easy to live for a man who is without shame, a crow hero, a mischief-maker, an insulting, bold, and wretched fellow.
245. But life is hard to live for a modest man, who always looks for what is pure, who is disinterested, quiet, spotless, and intelligent.
246. He who destroys life, who speaks untruth, who in this world takes what is not given him, who goes to another man's wife;
247. And the man who gives himself to drinking intoxicating liquors, he, even in this world, digs up his own root.
248. O man, know this, that the unrestrained are in a bad state; take care that greediness and vice do not bring thee to grief for a long time!
249. The world gives according to their faith or according to their pleasure: if a man frets about the food and the drink given to others, he will find no rest either by day or by night.
250. He in whom that feeling is destroyed, and taken out with the very root, finds rest by day and by night.
251. There is no fire like passion, there is no shark like hatred, there is no snare like folly, there is no torrent like greed.
252. The fault of others is easily perceived, but that of oneself is difficult to perceive; a man winnows his neighbour's faults like chaff, but his own fault he hides, as a cheat hides the bad die from the gambler.
253. If a man looks after the faults of others, and is always inclined to be offended, his own passions will grow, and he is far from the destruction of passions.
254. There is no path through the air, a man is not a Samana by outward acts. The world delights in vanity, the Tathagatas (the Buddhas) are free from vanity.
255. There is no path through the air, a man is not a Samana by outward acts. No creatures are eternal; but the awakened (Buddha) are never shaken.
256, 257. A man is not just if he carries a matter by violence; no, he who distinguishes both right and wrong, who is learned and leads others, not by violence, but by law and equity, and who is guarded by the law and intelligent, he is called just.
258. A man is not learned because he talks much; he who is patient, free from hatred and fear, he is called learned.
259. A man is not a supporter of the law because he talks much; even if a man has learnt little, but sees the law bodily, he is a supporter of the law, a man who never neglects the law.
260. A man is not an elder because his head is grey; his age may be ripe, but he is called `Old-in-vain.'
261. He in whom there is truth, virtue, love, restraint, moderation, he who is free from impurity and is wise, he is called an elder.
262. An envious greedy, dishonest man does not become respectable by means of much talking only, or by the beauty of his complexion.
263. He in whom all this is destroyed, and taken out with the very root, he, when freed from hatred and wise, is called respectable.
264. Not by tonsure does an undisciplined man who speaks falsehood become a Samana; can a man be a Samana who is still held captive by desire and greediness?
265. He who always quiets the evil, whether small or large, he is called a Samana (a quiet man), because he has quieted all evil.
266. A man is not a mendicant (Bhikshu) simply because he asks others for alms; he who adopts the whole law is a Bhikshu, not he who only begs.
267. He who is above good and evil, who is chaste, who with knowledge passes through the world, he indeed is called a Bhikshu.
268, 269. A man is not a Muni because he observes silence (mona, i.e. mauna), if he is foolish and ignorant; but the wise who, taking the balance, chooses the good and avoids evil, he is a Muni, and is a Muni thereby; he who in this world weighs both sides is called a Muni.
270. A man is not an elect (Ariya) because he injures living creatures; because he has pity on all living creatures, therefore is a man called Ariya.
271, 272. Not only by discipline and vows, not only by much learning, not by entering into a trance, not by sleeping alone, do I earn the happiness of release which no worldling can know. Bhikshu, be not confident as long as thou hast not attained the extinction of desires.
273. The best of ways is the eightfold; the best of truths the four words; the best of virtues passionlessness; the best of men he who has eyes to see.
274. This is the way, there is no other that leads to the purifying of intelligence. Go on this way! Everything else is the deceit of Mara (the tempter).
275. If you go on this way, you will make an end of pain! The way was preached by me, when I had understood the removal of the thorns (in the flesh).
276. You yourself must make an effort. The Tathagatas (Buddhas) are only preachers. The thoughtful who enter the way are freed from the bondage of Mara.
277. `All created things perish,' he who knows and sees this becomes passive in pain; this is the way to purity.
278. `All created things are grief and pain,' he who knows and sees this becomes passive in pain; this is the way that leads to purity.
279. `All forms are unreal,' he who knows and sees this becomes passive in pain; this is the way that leads to purity.
280. He who does not rouse himself when it is time to rise, who, though young and strong, is full of sloth, whose will and thought are weak, that lazy and idle man will never find the way to knowledge.
281. Watching his speech, well restrained in mind, let a man never commit any wrong with his body! Let a man but keep these three roads of action clear, and he will achieve the way which is taught by the wise.
282. Through zeal knowledge is gotten, through lack of zeal knowledge is lost; let a man who knows this double path of gain and loss thus place himself that knowledge may grow.
283. Cut down the whole forest (of lust), not a tree only! Danger comes out of the forest (of lust). When you have cut down both the forest (of lust) and its undergrowth, then, Bhikshus, you will be rid of the forest and free!
284. So long as the love of man towards women, even the smallest, is not destroyed, so long is his mind in bondage, as the calf that drinks milk is to its mother.
285. Cut out the love of self, like an autumn lotus, with thy hand! Cherish the road of peace. Nirvana has been shown by Sugata (Buddha).
286. `Here I shall dwell in the rain, here in winter and summer,' thus the fool meditates, and does not think of his death.
287. Death comes and carries off that man, praised for his children and flocks, his mind distracted, as a flood carries off a sleeping village.
288. Sons are no help, nor a father, nor relations; there is no help from kinsfolk for one whom death has seized.
289. A wise and good man who knows the meaning of this, should quickly clear the way that leads to Nirvana.
290. If by leaving a small pleasure one sees a great pleasure, let a wise man leave the small pleasure, and look to the great.
291. He who, by causing pain to others, wishes to obtain pleasure for himself, he, entangled in the bonds of hatred, will never be free from hatred.
292. What ought to be done is neglected, what ought not to be done is done; the desires of unruly, thoughtless people are always increasing.
293. But they whose whole watchfulness is always directed to their body, who do not follow what ought not to be done, and who steadfastly do what ought to be done, the desires of such watchful and wise people will come to an end.
294. A true Brahmana goes scatheless, though he have killed father and mother, and two valiant kings, though he has destroyed a kingdom with all its subjects.
295. A true Brahmana goes scatheless, though he have killed father and mother, and two holy kings, and an eminent man besides.
296. The disciples of Gotama (Buddha) are always well awake, and their thoughts day and night are always set on Buddha.
297. The disciples of Gotama are always well awake, and their thoughts day and night are always set on the law.
298. The disciples of Gotama are always well awake, and their thoughts day and night are always set on the church.
299. The disciples of Gotama are always well awake, and their thoughts day and night are always set on their body.
300. The disciples of Gotama are always well awake, and their mind day and night always delights in compassion.
301. The disciples of Gotama are always well awake, and their mind day and night always delights in meditation.
302. It is hard to leave the world (to become a friar), it is hard to enjoy the world; hard is the monastery, painful are the houses; painful it is to dwell with equals (to share everything in common) and the itinerant mendicant is beset with pain. Therefore let no man be an itinerant mendicant and he will not be beset with pain.
303. Whatever place a faithful, virtuous, celebrated, and wealthy man chooses, there he is respected.
304. Good people shine from afar, like the snowy mountains; bad people are not seen, like arrows shot by night.
305. He alone who, without ceasing, practises the duty of sitting alone and sleeping alone, he, subduing himself, will rejoice in the destruction of all desires alone, as if living in a forest.
306. He who says what is not, goes to hell; he also who, having done a thing, says I have not done it. After death both are equal, they are men with evil deeds in the next world.
307. Many men whose shoulders are covered with the yellow gown are ill-conditioned and unrestrained; such evil-doers by their evil deeds go to hell.
308. Better it would be to swallow a heated iron ball, like flaring fire, than that a bad unrestrained fellow should live on the charity of the land.
309. Four things does a wreckless man gain who covets his neighbour's wife,—a bad reputation, an uncomfortable bed, thirdly, punishment, and lastly, hell.
310. There is bad reputation, and the evil way (to hell), there is the short pleasure of the frightened in the arms of the frightened, and the king imposes heavy punishment; therefore let no man think of his neighbour's wife.
311. As a grass-blade, if badly grasped, cuts the arm, badly-practised asceticism leads to hell.
312. An act carelessly performed, a broken vow, and hesitating obedience to discipline, all this brings no great reward.
313. If anything is to be done, let a man do it, let him attack it vigorously! A careless pilgrim only scatters the dust of his passions more widely.
314. An evil deed is better left undone, for a man repents of it afterwards; a good deed is better done, for having done it, one does not repent.
315. Like a well-guarded frontier fort, with defences within and without, so let a man guard himself. Not a moment should escape, for they who allow the right moment to pass, suffer pain when they are in hell.
316. They who are ashamed of what they ought not to be ashamed of, and are not ashamed of what they ought to be ashamed of, such men, embracing false doctrines enter the evil path.
317. They who fear when they ought not to fear, and fear not when they ought to fear, such men, embracing false doctrines, enter the evil path.
318. They who forbid when there is nothing to be forbidden, and forbid not when there is something to be forbidden, such men, embracing false doctrines, enter the evil path.
319. They who know what is forbidden as forbidden, and what is not forbidden as not forbidden, such men, embracing the true doctrine, enter the good path.
320. Silently shall I endure abuse as the elephant in battle endures the arrow sent from the bow: for the world is ill-natured.
321. They lead a tamed elephant to battle, the king mounts a tamed elephant; the tamed is the best among men, he who silently endures abuse.
322. Mules are good, if tamed, and noble Sindhu horses, and elephants with large tusks; but he who tames himself is better still.
323. For with these animals does no man reach the untrodden country (Nirvana), where a tamed man goes on a tamed animal, viz. on his own well-tamed self.
324. The elephant called Dhanapalaka, his temples running with sap, and difficult to hold, does not eat a morsel when bound; the elephant longs for the elephant grove.
325. If a man becomes fat and a great eater, if he is sleepy and rolls himself about, that fool, like a hog fed on wash, is born again and again.
326. This mind of mine went formerly wandering about as it liked, as it listed, as it pleased; but I shall now hold it in thoroughly, as the rider who holds the hook holds in the furious elephant.
327. Be not thoughtless, watch your thoughts! Draw yourself out of the evil way, like an elephant sunk in mud.
328. If a man find a prudent companion who walks with him, is wise, and lives soberly, he may walk with him, overcoming all dangers, happy, but considerate.
329. If a man find no prudent companion who walks with him, is wise, and lives soberly, let him walk alone, like a king who has left his conquered country behind,—like an elephant in the forest.
330. It is better to live alone, there is no companionship with a fool; let a man walk alone, let him commit no sin, with few wishes, like an elephant in the forest.
331. If an occasion arises, friends are pleasant; enjoyment is pleasant, whatever be the cause; a good work is pleasant in the hour of death; the giving up of all grief is pleasant.
332. Pleasant in the world is the state of a mother, pleasant the state of a father, pleasant the state of a Samana, pleasant the state of a Brahmana.
333. Pleasant is virtue lasting to old age, pleasant is a faith firmly rooted; pleasant is attainment of intelligence, pleasant is avoiding of sins.
334. The thirst of a thoughtless man grows like a creeper; he runs from life to life, like a monkey seeking fruit in the forest.
335. Whomsoever this fierce thirst overcomes, full of poison, in this world, his sufferings increase like the abounding Birana grass.
336. He who overcomes this fierce thirst, difficult to be conquered in this world, sufferings fall off from him, like water-drops from a lotus leaf.
337. This salutary word I tell you, `Do ye, as many as are here assembled, dig up the root of thirst, as he who wants the sweet-scented Usira root must dig up the Birana grass, that Mara (the tempter) may not crush you again and again, as the stream crushes the reeds.'
338. As a tree, even though it has been cut down, is firm so long as its root is safe, and grows again, thus, unless the feeders of thirst are destroyed, the pain (of life) will return again and again.
339. He whose thirst running towards pleasure is exceeding strong in the thirty-six channels, the waves will carry away that misguided man, viz. his desires which are set on passion.
340. The channels run everywhere, the creeper (of passion) stands sprouting; if you see the creeper springing up, cut its root by means of knowledge.
341. A creature's pleasures are extravagant and luxurious; sunk in lust and looking for pleasure, men undergo (again and again) birth and decay.
342. Men, driven on by thirst, run about like a snared hare; held in fetters and bonds, they undergo pain for a long time, again and again.
343. Men, driven on by thirst, run about like a snared hare; let therefore the mendicant drive out thirst, by striving after passionlessness for himself.
344. He who having got rid of the forest (of lust) (i.e. after having reached Nirvana) gives himself over to forest-life (i.e. to lust), and who, when removed from the forest (i.e. from lust), runs to the forest (i.e. to lust), look at that man! though free, he runs into bondage.
345. Wise people do not call that a strong fetter which is made of iron, wood, or hemp; far stronger is the care for precious stones and rings, for sons and a wife.
346. That fetter wise people call strong which drags down, yields, but is difficult to undo; after having cut this at last, people leave the world, free from cares, and leaving desires and pleasures behind.
347. Those who are slaves to passions, run down with the stream (of desires), as a spider runs down the web which he has made himself; when they have cut this, at last, wise people leave the world free from cares, leaving all affection behind.
348. Give up what is before, give up what is behind, give up what is in the middle, when thou goest to the other shore of existence; if thy mind is altogether free, thou wilt not again enter into birth and decay.
349. If a man is tossed about by doubts, full of strong passions, and yearning only for what is delightful, his thirst will grow more and more, and he will indeed make his fetters strong.
350. If a man delights in quieting doubts, and, always reflecting, dwells on what is not delightful (the impurity of the body, &c.), he certainly will remove, nay, he will cut the fetter of Mara.
351. He who has reached the consummation, who does not tremble, who is without thirst and without sin, he has broken all the thorns of life: this will be his last body.
352. He who is without thirst and without affection, who understands the words and their interpretation, who knows the order of letters (those which are before and which are after), he has received his last body, he is called the great sage, the great man.
353. `I have conquered all, I know all, in all conditions of life I am free from taint; I have left all, and through the destruction of thirst I am free; having learnt myself, whom shall I teach?'
354. The gift of the law exceeds all gifts; the sweetness of the law exceeds all sweetness; the delight in the law exceeds all delights; the extinction of thirst overcomes all pain.
355. Pleasures destroy the foolish, if they look not for the other shore; the foolish by his thirst for pleasures destroys himself, as if he were his own enemy.
356. The fields are damaged by weeds, mankind is damaged by passion: therefore a gift bestowed on the passionless brings great reward.
357. The fields are damaged by weeds, mankind is damaged by hatred: therefore a gift bestowed on those who do not hate brings great reward.
358. The fields are damaged by weeds, mankind is damaged by vanity: therefore a gift bestowed on those who are free from vanity brings great reward.
359. The fields are damaged by weeds, mankind is damaged by lust: therefore a gift bestowed on those who are free from lust brings great reward.
360. Restraint in the eye is good, good is restraint in the ear, in the nose restraint is good, good is restraint in the tongue.
361. In the body restraint is good, good is restraint in speech, in thought restraint is good, good is restraint in all things. A Bhikshu, restrained in all things, is freed from all pain.
362. He who controls his hand, he who controls his feet, he who controls his speech, he who is well controlled, he who delights inwardly, who is collected, who is solitary and content, him they call Bhikshu.
363. The Bhikshu who controls his mouth, who speaks wisely and calmly, who teaches the meaning and the law, his word is sweet.
364. He who dwells in the law, delights in the law, meditates on the law, follows the law, that Bhikshu will never fall away from the true law.
365. Let him not despise what he has received, nor ever envy others: a mendicant who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
366. A Bhikshu who, though he receives little, does not despise what he has received, even the gods will praise him, if his life is pure, and if he is not slothful.
367. He who never identifies himself with name and form, and does not grieve over what is no more, he indeed is called a Bhikshu.
368. The Bhikshu who acts with kindness, who is calm in the doctrine of Buddha, will reach the quiet place (Nirvana), cessation of natural desires, and happiness.
369. O Bhikshu, empty this boat! if emptied, it will go quickly; having cut off passion and hatred thou wilt go to Nirvana.
370. Cut off the five (senses), leave the five, rise above the five. A Bhikshu, who has escaped from the five fetters, he is called Oghatinna, `saved from the flood.'
371. Meditate, O Bhikshu, and be not heedless! Do not direct thy thought to what gives pleasure that thou mayest not for thy heedlessness have to swallow the iron ball (in hell), and that thou mayest not cry out when burning, `This is pain.'
372. Without knowledge there is no meditation, without meditation there is no knowledge: he who has knowledge and meditation is near unto Nirvana.
373. A Bhikshu who has entered his empty house, and whose mind is tranquil, feels a more than human delight when he sees the law clearly.
374. As soon as he has considered the origin and destruction of the elements (khandha) of the body, he finds happiness and joy which belong to those who know the immortal (Nirvana).
375. And this is the beginning here for a wise Bhikshu: watchfulness over the senses, contentedness, restraint under the law; keep noble friends whose life is pure, and who are not slothful.
376. Let him live in charity, let him be perfect in his duties; then in the fulness of delight he will make an end of suffering.
377. As the Vassika plant sheds its withered flowers, men should shed passion and hatred, O ye Bhikshus!
378. The Bhikshu whose body and tongue and mind are quieted, who is collected, and has rejected the baits of the world, he is called quiet.
379. Rouse thyself by thyself, examine thyself by thyself, thus self-protected and attentive wilt thou live happily, O Bhikshu!
380. For self is the lord of self, self is the refuge of self; therefore curb thyself as the merchant curbs a good horse.
381. The Bhikshu, full of delight, who is calm in the doctrine of Buddha will reach the quiet place (Nirvana), cessation of natural desires, and happiness.
382. He who, even as a young Bhikshu, applies himself to the doctrine of Buddha, brightens up this world, like the moon when free from clouds.
383. Stop the stream valiantly, drive away the desires, O Brahmana! When you have understood the destruction of all that was made, you will understand that which was not made.
384. If the Brahmana has reached the other shore in both laws (in restraint and contemplation), all bonds vanish from him who has obtained knowledge.
385. He for whom there is neither this nor that shore, nor both, him, the fearless and unshackled, I call indeed a Brahmana.
386. He who is thoughtful, blameless, settled, dutiful, without passions, and who has attained the highest end, him I call indeed a Brahmana.
387. The sun is bright by day, the moon shines by night, the warrior is bright in his armour, the Brahmana is bright in his meditation; but Buddha, the Awakened, is bright with splendour day and night.
388. Because a man is rid of evil, therefore he is called Brahmana; because he walks quietly, therefore he is called Samana; because he has sent away his own impurities, therefore he is called Pravragita (Pabbagita, a pilgrim).
389. No one should attack a Brahmana, but no Brahmana (if attacked) should let himself fly at his aggressor! Woe to him who strikes a Brahmana, more woe to him who flies at his aggressor!
390. It advantages a Brahmana not a little if he holds his mind back from the pleasures of life; when all wish to injure has vanished, pain will cease.
391. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who does not offend by body, word, or thought, and is controlled on these three points.
392. After a man has once understood the law as taught by the Well-awakened (Buddha), let him worship it carefully, as the Brahmana worships the sacrificial fire.
393. A man does not become a Brahmana by his platted hair, by his family, or by birth; in whom there is truth and righteousness, he is blessed, he is a Brahmana.
394. What is the use of platted hair, O fool! what of the raiment of goat-skins? Within thee there is ravening, but the outside thou makest clean.
395. The man who wears dirty raiments, who is emaciated and covered with veins, who lives alone in the forest, and meditates, him I call indeed a Brahmana.
396. I do not call a man a Brahmana because of his origin or of his mother. He is indeed arrogant, and he is wealthy: but the poor, who is free from all attachments, him I call indeed a Brahmana.
397. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who has cut all fetters, who never trembles, is independent and unshackled.
398. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who has cut the strap and the thong, the chain with all that pertains to it, who has burst the bar, and is awakened.
399. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who, though he has committed no offence, endures reproach, bonds, and stripes, who has endurance for his force, and strength for his army.
400. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who is free from anger, dutiful, virtuous, without appetite, who is subdued, and has received his last body.
401. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who does not cling to pleasures, like water on a lotus leaf, like a mustard seed on the point of a needle.
402. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who, even here, knows the end of his suffering, has put down his burden, and is unshackled.
403. Him I call indeed a Brahmana whose knowledge is deep, who possesses wisdom, who knows the right way and the wrong, and has attained the highest end.
404. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who keeps aloof both from laymen and from mendicants, who frequents no houses, and has but few desires.
405. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who finds no fault with other beings, whether feeble or strong, and does not kill nor cause slaughter.
406. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who is tolerant with the intolerant, mild with fault-finders, and free from passion among the passionate.
407. Him I call indeed a Brahmana from whom anger and hatred, pride and envy have dropt like a mustard seed from the point of a needle.
408. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who utters true speech, instructive and free from harshness, so that he offend no one.
409. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who takes nothing in the world that is not given him, be it long or short, small or large, good or bad.
410. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who fosters no desires for this world or for the next, has no inclinations, and is unshackled.
411. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who has no interests, and when he has understood (the truth), does not say How, how? and who has reached the depth of the Immortal.
412. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who in this world is above good and evil, above the bondage of both, free from grief from sin, and from impurity.
413. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who is bright like the moon, pure, serene, undisturbed, and in whom all gaiety is extinct.
414. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who has traversed this miry road, the impassable world and its vanity, who has gone through, and reached the other shore, is thoughtful, guileless, free from doubts, free from attachment, and content.
415. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who in this world, leaving all desires, travels about without a home, and in whom all concupiscence is extinct.
416. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who, leaving all longings, travels about without a home, and in whom all covetousness is extinct.
417. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who, after leaving all bondage to men, has risen above all bondage to the gods, and is free from all and every bondage.
418. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who has left what gives pleasure and what gives pain, who is cold, and free from all germs (of renewed life), the hero who has conquered all the worlds.
419. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who knows the destruction and the return of beings everywhere, who is free from bondage, welfaring (Sugata), and awakened (Buddha).
420. Him I call indeed a Brahmana whose path the gods do not know, nor spirits (Gandharvas), nor men, whose passions are extinct, and who is an Arhat (venerable).
421. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who calls nothing his own, whether it be before, behind, or between, who is poor, and free from the love of the world.
422. Him I call indeed a Brahmana, the manly, the noble, the hero, the great sage, the conqueror, the impassible, the accomplished, the awakened.
423. Him I call indeed a Brahmana who knows his former abodes, who sees heaven and hell, has reached the end of births, is perfect in knowledge, a sage, and whose perfections are all perfect.
2
There is nothing here that has not been explained before
And I have no skill in the art of rhetoric;
Therefore, lacking any intention to benefit others,
I write this in order to acquaint it to my mind.
3
For due to acquaintance with what is wholesome,
The force of my faith may for a short while increase because of these (words). If, however, these (words) are seen by others
Equal in fortune to myself, it may be meaningful (for them).
4
Leisure and endowment are very hard to find;
And, since they accomplish what is meaningful for man,
If I do not take advantage of them now,
How will such a perfect opportunity come about again?
5
Just as a flash of lightning on a dark, cloudy night
For an instant brightly illuminates all,
Likewise in this world, through the might of Buddha,
A wholesome thought rarely and briefly appears.
6
Hence virtue is perpetually feeble,
The great strength of evil being extremely intense.
And except for a Fully Awakening Mind
By what other virtue will it be overcome?
7
All the Buddhas who have contemplated for many aeons
Have seen it to be beneficial;
For by it the limitless masses of beings
Will quickly attain the supreme state of bliss.
8
Those who wish to destroy the many sorrows of (their) conditioned existence, Those who wish (all beings) to experience a multitude of joys,
And those who wish to experience much happiness,
Should never forsake the Awakening Mind.
9
The moment an Awakening Mind arises
In those fettered and weak in the jail of cyclic existence,
They will be named ʹa Son of the Sugatasʹ,
And will be revered by both men and gods of the world.
10
It is like the supreme gold‐making elixir,
For it transforms the unclean body we have taken
Into the priceless jewel of a Buddha‐Form
Therefore firmly seize this Awakening Mind.
11
Since the limitless mind of the Sole Guide of the World
Has upon thorough investigation seen its preciousness,
All beings wishing to be free from worldly abodes
Should firmly take hold of this precious Awakening Mind.
12
All other virtues are like the plantain tree;
For after bearing fruit they simply perish.
But the perennial tree of the Awakening Mind
Unceasingly bears fruit and thereby flourishes without end.
13
Like entrusting myself to a brave man when greatly afraid
By entrusting myself to this (Awakening Mind) I shall be swiftly liberated Even if I have committed extremely unbearable evils.
Why then do the conscientious not devote themselves to this?
14
Just like the fire at the end of an age,
It instantly consumes all great evil.
Its unfathomable advantages were taught
To the disciple Sudhana by the wise Lord Maitreya.
15
In brief, the Awakening Mind
Should be understood to be of two types;
The mind that aspires to awaken
And the mind that ventures to do so.

16
As is understood by the distinction
Between aspiring to go and (actually) going.
So the wise understand in turn
The distinction between these two.
17
Although great fruits occur in cyclic existence
From the mind that aspires to awaken,
An uninterrupted flow of merit does not ensue
As it does with the venturing mind.
18
And for him who has perfectly seized this mind
With the thought never to turn away
From totally liberating
The infinite forms of life.
19
From that time hence,
Even while asleep or unconcerned
A force of merit equal to the sky
Will perpetually ensue.
20
For the sake of those inclined towards the lesser (vehicle), This was logically asserted
By the Tathagata himself
In The Sutra Requested by Subahu
21
If even the thought to relieve
Living creatures of merely a headache
Is a beneficial intention
Endowed with infinite goodness,
22
Then what need is there to mention
The wish to dispel their inconceivable misery,
Wishing every single one of them
To realise boundless good qualities?
23
Do even fathers and mothers
Have such a benevolent intention as this?
Do the gods and sages?
Does even Brahma have it?
24
If those beings have never before
Even dreamt of such an attitude

For their own sake,
How would it ever arise for the sake of others? 25
This intention to benefit all beings,
Which does not arise in others even for their own Is an extraordinary jewel of the mind,
And its birth is an unprecedented wonder.
26
How can I fathom the depths
Of the goodness of this jewel of the mind,
The panacea that relieves the world of pain
And is the source of all its joy?
27
If merely a benevolent intention
Excels venerating the Buddhas,
Then what need to mention striving to make
All beings without exception happy?
28
Although wishing to be rid of misery,
They run towards misery itself.
Although wishing to have happiness,
Like an enemy they ignorantly destroy it.
29
For those who are deprived of happiness
And burdened with many sorrows
It satisfies them with all joys,
Dispels all suffering,
30
And clears away confusion.
Where is there a comparable virtue?
Where is there even such a friend?
Where is there merit similar to this?
31
If whoever repays a kind deed
Is worthy of some praise,
Then what need to mention the Bodhisattva
Who does good without its being asked of him? 32
The world honours as virtuous
A man who sometimes gives a little, plain food Disrespectfully to a few beings,
That satisfies them for only half a day.

33
What need be said then of one
Who eternally bestows the peerless bliss of the Sugatas
Upon limitless numbers of beings,
Thereby fulfilling all their hopes?
34
The Buddha has said that whoever bears an evil thought Against a benefactor such as that Bodhisattva
Will remain in hell for as many aeons
As there were evil thoughts.
35
But if a virtuous attitude should arise (in that regard).
Its fruits will multiply far more than that.
When Bodhisattvas greatly suffer they generate no negativity, Instead their virtues naturally increase.
36
I bow down to the body of him
In whom the sacred precious mind is born.
I seek refuge in that source of joy
Who brings to happiness even those who harm him.
1
In order to seize that precious mind
I offer now to the Tathagatas,
To the sacred Dharma, the stainless jewel,
And to the Sons of Buddha, the oceans of excellence,
2
Whatever flowers and fruits there are
And whatever kinds of medicine,
Whatever jewels exist in this world
And whatever clean refreshing waters;
3
Likewise gem‐encrusted mountains,
Forest groves, quiet and joyful places,
Heavenly trees bedecked with flowers
And trees with fruit‐laden branches;
4
Fragrances of the celestial realms,
Incense, wishing trees and jewel trees,
Uncultivated harvests, and all ornaments
That are worthy to be offered;
5
Lakes and pools adorned with lotuses
And the beautiful cry of wild geese,
Everything unowned
Within the limitless spheres of space.
6
Creating these things in my mind I offer them
To the supreme beings, the Buddhas, as well as their Sons; Compassionate Ones, think kindly of me
And accept these offerings of mine.
7
Having no merit I am destitute
And I have no other gifts to offer.
Protectors, you who think of helping others.
By your power accept these for my sake.
8
Eternally shall I offer all my bodies
To the Conquerors and their Sons.
Please accept me, you Supreme Heroes,
Respectfully shall I be your subject.
9
Through being completely under your care
1 shall benefit all with no fears of conditioned existence;
I shall perfectly transcend my previous evils
And in the future shall commit no more.
10
To very sweetly scented bathing chambers
With brilliantly sparkling crystal floors
And exquisite pillars ablaze with gems,
Having canopies above aglow with pearls.
11
I beseech the Tathagatas and their Sons
To come and bathe their bodies
From many jewelled vases filled with waters scented and enticing,
To the accompaniment of music and song.
12
Let me dry their bodies with incomparable cloths
Clean and well‐anointed with scent,
And then may I present these Holy Beings
With fragrant garments of suitable colours.
13
I adorn with manifold ornaments
And various raiments fine and smooth,
The Aryas Samantabhadra, Manjughosha Avalokiteshvara and all the others.
14
Just like polishing pure, refined gold
Do I anoint the Buddhasʹ forms that blaze with light With the choicest perfumes whose fragrance permeates A thousand million worlds.
15
And to the highest objects of giving I offer
Beautiful, well‐arranged garlands,
As well as enchanting, sweet smelling flowers,
Such as lily, jasmine and lotus blooms.
16
Also I send forth clouds of incense
Whose sweet aroma steals away the mind,

As well as celestial delicacies
Including a variety of foods and drinks.
17
I offer them jewelled lamps
Arranged on golden lotus buds;
Upon land sprinkled with scented water
Do I scatter delicate flower petals.
18
To those who have the nature of compassion
I offer palaces resounding with melodious hymns, Exquisitely illuminated by hanging pearls and gems That adorn the infinities of space.
19
Eternally shall I offer to all the Buddhas
Jewelled umbrellas with golden handles
And exquisite ornaments embelishing the rims, Standing erect, their shapes beautiful to behold.
20
And in addition may a mass of offerings Resounding with sweet and pleasing music,
(Like) clouds that appease the misery of all,
Each remain (for as long as necessary).
21
And may a continuous rain
Of flowers and precious gems descend
Upon the reliquaries and the statues,
And upon all the jewels of Dharma.
22
In the same way as Manjughosha and others
Have made offerings to the Conquerors,
Similarly do I bestow gifts upon the Tathagatas, The Protectors, their Sons and all.
23
I glorify the Oceans of Excellence
With limitless verses of harmonious praise;
May these clouds of gentle eulogy
Constantly ascend to their presence.
24
With bodies as numerous
As all the atoms within the universe,
I prostrate to all Buddhas of the three times,
The Dharma and the supreme community.
25

Likewise I prostrate to all reliquaries, To the bases of an Awakening Mind, To all learned abbots and masters And to all the noble practitioners.
26
I seek refuge in all Buddhas
Until I possess the essence of Awakening, Likewise I seek refuge in Dharma
And in the assembly of Bodhisattvas.
27
With folded hands I beseech
The Buddhas and Bodhisattvas
Who possess the great compassion
And reside in all directions.
28
Throughout beginningless cyclic existence
In this life and in others,
Unknowingly I committed evil deeds
And ordered them to be done (by others).
29
Overwhelmed by the deceptions of ignorance
I rejoiced in what was done,
But now seeing these mistakes
From my heart I declare them to the Buddhas.
30
Whatever harmful acts of body, speech and mind I have done in a disturbed mental state,
Towards the three jewels of refuge,
My parents, my spiritual masters and others;
31
And all the grave wrongs done by me,
So thoroughly evil and polluted
But an abundance of faults,
I openly declare to the Guides of the World.
32
But I may well perish
Before all my evils have been purified;
So please protect me in such a way
As will swiftly and surely free me from them.
33
The untrustworthy lord of death
Waits not for things to be done or undone;

Whether I am sick or healthy.
This fleeting lifespan is unstable.
34
Leaving all I must depart alone.
But through not having understood this
I committed various kinds of evil
For the sake of my friends and foes.
35
My foes will become nothing.
My friends will become nothing.
I too will become nothing.
Likewise all will become nothing.
36
Just like a dream experience,
Whatever things I enjoy
Will become a memory.
Whatever has passed will not be seen again.
37
Even within this brief life
Many friends and foes have passed,
But whatever unbearable evil I committed for them Remains ahead of me.
38
Thereby, through not having realised
That I shall suddenly vanish,
I committed so much evil
Out of ignorance, lust and hate.
39
Remaining neither day nor night,
Life is always slipping by
And never getting any longer,
Why will death not come to one like me?
40
While I am lying in bed,
Although surrounded by my friends and relatives, The feeling of life being severed
Will not experienced by me alone.
41
When seized by the messengers of death,
What benefit will friends and relatives afford?
My merit alone shall protect me then,
But upon that I have never relied.
42

0 Protectors! I, so unconcerned, Unaware of such terror as this, Accumulated a great deal of evil For the sake of this transient life. 43
Petrified is the person
Today being led to a torture chamber.
With dry mouth and dreadful sunken eyes. His entire appearance is transfigured.
44
What need to mention the tremendous despair When stricken with the disease of great panic, Being clasped by the physical forms,
Of the frightful messengers of death?
45
ʺWho can afford me real protection
From this great horror?ʺ
With terrified, bulging eyes agape
I shall search the four quarters for refuge.
46
But seeing no refuge there
I shall become enveloped in gloom.
If there should be no protection there,
Then what shall I be able to do?
47
Therefore I now seek refuge
In the Buddhas who protect the world,
Who strive to shelter all that lives
And with great strength eradicate all fear.
48
Likewise I purely seek refuge
In the Dharma they have realised
That clears away the fears of cyclic existence, And also in the assembly of Bodhisattvas.
49
I, trembling with fear,
Offer myself to Samantabhadra;
To Manjughosha also
I make a gift of my body.
50
To the Protector Avalokiteshvara
Who infallibly acts with compassion,

I utter a mournful cry,
ʺPlease protect this evil‐doer!ʺ
51
In my search for refuge
I cry from my heart
For Akashagarbha, Ksitigarbha
And all the Compassionate Protectors.
52
And I seek refuge in Vajrapani,
Upon the sight of whom all harmful beings
Such as the messengers of death
Flee in terror to the four quarters.
53
Previously I transgressed your advice,
But now upon seeing this great fear
I go to you for refuge.
By doing so may this fear be swiftly cleared away.
54
If I need to comply with a doctorʹs advice
When frightened by a common illness,
Then how much more so when perpetually diseased By the manifold evils of desire and so forth.
55
And if all people dwelling on this earth
Can be overcome by just one of these,
And if no other medicine to cure them
Is to be found elsewhere in the universe,
56
Then the intention not to act in accordance
With the advice of the All‐Knowing Physicians
That can uproot every misery,
Is extremely bewildered and worthy of scorn.
57
If I need to be careful
Near a small, ordinary precipice,
Then how much more so near the one of long duration That drops for a thousand miles.
58
It is inappropriate to enjoy myself
Thinking that today alone I shall not die,
For inevitably the time will come
When I shall become nothing.
59

Who can grant me fearlessness?
How can I be surely freed from this?
If I shall inevitably become nothing,
How can I relax and enjoy myself?
60
What remains with me now
From the terminated experiences of the past?
But through my great attachment to them
I have been going against my spiritual mastersʹ advice. 61
Having departed from this life
And from all my friends and relatives,
If all alone I must go elsewhere
What is the use of making friends and enemies?
62
ʺHow can I be surely freed
From unwholesomeness, the source of misery?ʺ Continually night and day
Should I only consider this.
63
Whatever has been done by me
Through ignorance and unknowing,
Be it the breaking of a vow
Or a deed by nature wrong,
64
I humbly confess it all
In the presence of the Protectors,
With folded hands, prostrating myself again and again, My mind terrified by the misery (to come).
65
I beseech all the Guides of the World
To please accept my evils and wrongs.
Since these are not good,
In future I shall do them no more.
1
Gladly do I rejoice
In the virtue that relieves the misery
Of all those in unfortunate states
And that places those with suffering in happiness.
2
I rejoice in that gathering of virtue
That is the cause for (the Arhatʹs) Awakening,
I rejoice in the definite freedom of embodied creatures From the miseries of cyclic existence.
3
I rejoice in the Awakening of the Buddhas
And also in the spiritual levels of their Sons.
4
And with gladness I rejoice
In the ocean of virtue from developing an Awakening Mind That wishes all beings to be happy,
As well as in the deeds that bring them benefit.
5
With folded hands I beseech
The Buddhas of all directions,
To shine the lamp of Dharma
For all bewildered in miseryʹs gloom.
6
With folded hands I beseech
The Conquerors who wish to pass away,
To please remain for countless aeons
And not to leave the world in darkness.
7
Thus by the virtue collected
Through all that I have done,
May the pain of every living creature
Be completely cleared away.
8
May I be the doctor and the medicine
And may I be the nurse
For all sick beings in the world
Until everyone is healed.
9
May a rain of food and drink descend
To clear away the pain of thirst and hunger
And during the aeon of famine
May I myself change into food and drink.
10
May I become an inexhaustible treasure
For those who are poor and destitute;
May I turn into all things they could need
And may these be placed close beside them.
11
Without any sense of loss
I shall give up my body and enjoyments
As well as all my virtues of the three times
For the sake of benefitting all.
12
By giving up all, sorrow is transcended
And my mind will realise the sorrowless state.
It is best that I (now) give everything to all beings In the same way as I shall (at death).6
13
Having given this body up
For the pleasure of all living beings,
By killing, abusing and beating it
May they always do as they please.
14
Although they may play with my body
And make it a source of jest and blame,
Because I have given it up to them
What is the use of holding it dear?
15
Therefore I shall let them do anything to it
That does not cause them any harm,
And when anyone encounters me
May it never be meaningless for him.
16
If in those who encounter me
A faithful or an angry thought arises,
May that eternally become the source
For fulfilling all their wishes.
17
May all who say bad things to me

Or cause me any other harm,
And those who mock and insult me
Have the fortune to fully awaken.
18
May I be protector for those without one,
A guide for all travellers on the way;
May I be a bridge, a boat and a ship
For all who wish to cross (the water).
19
May I be an island for those who seek one
And a lamp for those desiring light,
May I be a bed for all who wish to rest
And a slave for all who want a slave.
20
May I be a wishing jewel, a magic vase, Powerful mantras and great medicine,
May I become a wish‐fulfilling tree
And a cow of plenty for the world.
21
Just like space
And the great elements such as earth,
May I always support the life
Of all the boundless creatures.
22
And until they pass away from pain
May I also be the source of life •
For all the realms of varied beings
That reach unto the ends of space.
23
Just as the previous Sugatas
Gave birth to an Awakening Mind,
And just as they successively dwelt
In the Bodhisattva practices;
24
Likewise for the sake of all that lives
Do I give birth to an Awakening Mind,
And likewise shall I too
Successively follow the practices.
25
In order to further increase it from now on, Those with discernment who have lucidly seized An Awakening Mind in this way,
Should highly praise it in the following manner:

26
Today my life has (borne) fruit;
(Having) well obtained this human existence,
Iʹve been born in the family of Buddha
And now am one of Buddhaʹs Sons.
27
Thus whatever actions I do from now on
Must be in accord with the family.
Never shall I disgrace or pollute
This noble and unsullied race.
28
Just like a blindman
Discovering a jewel in a heap of rubbish,
Likewise by some coincidence
An Awakening Mind has been born within me.
29
It is the supreme ambrosia
That overcomes the sovereignty of death,
It is the inexhaustable treasure
That eliminates all poverty in the world.
30
It is the supreme medicine
That quells the worldʹs disease,
It is the tree that shelters all beings
Wandering and tired on the path of conditioned existence. 31
It is the universal bridge
That leads to freedom from unhappy states of birth,
It is the dawning moon of the mind
That dispells the torment of disturbing conceptions.7
32
It is the great sun that finally removes
The misty ignorance of the world,
It is the quintessential butter
From the churning of the milk of Dharma.
33
For all those guests travelling on the path of conditioned existence
Who wish to experience the bounties of happiness,
This will satisfy them with joy
And actually place them in supreme bliss.
34
Today in the presence of all the Protectors

I invite the world to be guests
At (a festival of) temporary and ultimate delight, May gods, anti‐gods and all be joyful.
1
Having firmly seized the Awakening Mind in this way, A Conquerorʹs son must never waver;
Always should he exert himself
To never stray from his practice.
2
In the case of reckless actions
Or of deeds not well considered,
Although a promise may have been made
It is fit to reconsider whether I should do them or not. 3
But how can I ever withdraw
From what has been examined by the great wisdom
Of the Buddhas and their Sons,
And even many times by me myself?
4
If having made such a promise
I do not put it into action,
Then by deceiving every living being
What kind of rebirth shall I take?
5
If it has been taught (by the Buddha)
That he who does not give away
The smallest thing he once intended to give
Will take rebirth as a hungry ghost;8
6
Then if I should deceive all beings
After having sincerely invited them
To the unsurpassable bliss,
Shall I take a happy rebirth?
7
Only the Omniscient can discern
The manner of the action of those
Who give up the Awakening Mind but are freed;
It is beyond the scope of (ordinary) thought.
8
This, for a Bodhisattva,
Is the heaviest of downfalls,
For should it ever happen,
The welfare of all will be weakened.
9
And should others for even a single moment
Hinder or obstruct his wholesome (deeds),
By weakening the welfare of all
There will be no end to their rebirth in lower states.
10
For if my being is impaired
By destroying the joy of even one creature,
Then what need is there to mention
Destroying the joy of creatures vast as space.
11
Thus those who have the force of an Awakening Mind
As well as the force of falling (from it)
Stay revolving within cyclicʺ existence
And for a long time are hindered in reaching the Bodhisattva levels.
12
Therefore just as I have promised
Shall I respectfully accord my actions.
If from now on I make no effort
I shall descend from lower to lower states.
13
Although for the benefit of every creature
Countless Buddhas have passed by,
Yet I was not an object of their care
Because of my own mistakes.
14
And if I continue to act like this,
Again and again shall I undergo
(suffering) in unhappy realms, sickness, bondage,
Laceration and the shedding of blood.
15
If the arising of a Tathagata,
Faith, the attainment of a human body
And my being fit to cultivate virtue are scarce,
When will they be won again?
16
Although today I am healthy,
Well‐nourished and unafflicted,
Life is momentary and deceptive:
The body is like an object on loan for but a minute.
17

And with behaviour such as this
I shall not win a human body again,
And if this human form is not attained
There will be solely evil and no virtue.
18
If when I have the chance to live a wholesome life
My actions are not wholesome,
Then what shall I be able to do
When confused by the misery of the lower realms?
19
And if I commit no wholesome deeds (there),
But readily amass much evil,
Then for a hundred million aeons
I shall not even hear the words ʺa happy lifeʺ.
20
For these very reasons, the Buddha has said
That like for a turtle to insert its neck
Into a yoke adrift upon the vast ocean,
It is extremely hard to attain the human state.10
21
If even by the evil of one instant
An aeon may be spent in the deepest hell,
Then because of the evil I have gathered since beginningless time,
What need to mention my not going to a happy realm.
22
But having experienced merely that (rebirth in hell)
I shall still not be liberated;
For while it is being experienced
Other evil will be extensively produced.
23
So if, when having found leisure such as this,
I do not attune myself to what is wholesome,
There could be no greater deception
And there could be no greater folly.
24
And if, having understood this,
I still foolishly continue to be slothful,
When the hour of death arrives
Tremendous grief will rear its head.
25
Then if my body blazes for a long time
In the unbearable flames of hell,

Inevitably my mind will be tormented
By the fires of unendurable remorse.
26
Having found by some coincidence
This beneficial state that is so hard to find, If now while able to discriminate
I once again am led into the hells,
27
Then as though I were hypnotised by a spell
I shall reduce this mind to nothing.
Even I do not know what is causing me confusion,
What is there dwelling inside me?
28
Although enemies such as hatred and craving
Have neither any arms nor legs,
And are neither courageous nor wise,
How have I been used like a slave by them?
29
For while they dwell within my mind
At their pleasure they cause me harm,
Yet I patiently endure them without any anger;
But this is an inappropriate and shameful time for patience. 30
Should even all the gods and anti‐gods
Rise up against me as my enemies,
They could not lead nor place me in
The roaring fires of deepest hell.
31
But the mighty foe, these disturbing conceptions,
In a moment can cast me amidst (those flames)
Which when met will cause not even the ashes
Of the king of mountains to remain.
32
All other enemies are incapable
Of remaining for such a length of time
As can my disturbing conceptions,
The long‐time enemy with neither beginning nor end.
33
If I agreeably honour and entrust myself (to others)
They will bring me benefit and happiness,
But if I entrust myself to these disturbing conceptions
In future they will bring only misery and harm.
34

While in cyclic existence how can I be joyful and unafraid If in my heart I readily prepare a place
For this incessant enemy of long duration,
The sole cause for the increase of all that harms me?
35
And how shall I ever have happiness
If in a net of attachment within my mind
There dwell the guardians of the prison of cyclic existence, There (disturbing conceptions) that become my butchers and tormentors in hell?
36
Therefore as long as this enemy is not slain with certainty before my very eyes.
I shall never give up exerting myself (towards that end). Having become angry at someone who caused only slight and short‐lived harm.
Self‐important people will not sleep until their (enemy) is overcome.
37
And if while engaged in a violent battle,
Vigorously desiring to conquer those whose disturbing Conceptions will naturally bring them suffering at death, Men disregard the pain of being pierced by spears and arrows
And will not withdraw until the day is won;
38
Then what need to mention that I should not be faint‐hearted and slothful,
Even if I am caused many hundreds of sufferings
When now I strive to definitely overcome my natural enemies,
(These disturbing conceptions) which are the constant source of my misery?
39
If even scars inflicted by meaningless enemies
Are worn upon the body like ornaments,
Then why is suffering a cause of harm to me
Who impeccably strives to fulfil the great purpose?
40
If fishermen, hunters and farmers,
Thinking merely of their own livelihood,
Endure the sufferings of heat and cold,
Why am I not patient for the sake of the worldʹs joy?

41
When I promised to liberate all those beings
Dwelling in the ten directions as far as the ends of space From their disturbing conceptions,ʹ
I myself was not yet freed from mine.
42
Thus unaware of even my own capacity,
Was it not somewhat crazy to have spoken like that?
But as this is so I must never withdraw
From vanquishing my disturbing conceptions.
43
And to do this will be my sole obsession:
Holding a strong grudge I shall meet them in battle!
But disturbing cenceptions such as these
Destroy disturbing conceptions and (for the time being)
are not to be (abandoned).
44
It would be better for me to be burned,
To have my head cut off and to be killed,
Rather than ever bowing down
To those everpresent disturbing conceptions.
45
Common enemies when expelled from one country
Simply retire and settle down in another,
Though when their strength is recovered they then return. But the way of this enemy, my disturbing conceptions, is not similar in this respect.
46
Deluded disturbing conceptions! When forsaken by the eye of wisdom ʹ
And dispelled from my mind, where will you go?
Where will you dwell in order to be able to injure me again?
But, weak‐minded, I have been reduced to making no effort.
47
If these disturbing conceptions do not exist within the objects, the sense organs, between the two nor elsewhere, Then where do they exist and how do they harm the world? They are like an illusion—thus I should dispel the fear within my heart and strive resolutely for wisdom.
For no real reason, why should I suffer so much in hell?

48
Therefore having thought about this well,
I should try to put these precepts into practice just as they have been explained.
If the doctorʹs instructions are ignored,
How will a patient in need of cure be healed by his medicines?
1
Those who wish to guard their practice
Should very attentively guard their minds
For those who do not guard their minds
Will be unable to guard their practice.
2
In this (world) unsubdued and crazed elephants
Are incapable of causing such harms
As the miseries of the deepest hell
Which can be caused by the unleashed elephant of mind. 3
But if the elephant of my mind is firmly bound
On all sides by the rope of mindfulness,
All fears will cease to exist
And all virtues will come into my hand.
4
Tigers, lions, elephants, bears,
Snakes and all forms of enemies,
The guardians of the hell worlds,
Evil spirits and cannibals,
5
Will all be bound
By binding my mind alone,
And will all be subdued
By subduing my mind alone
6
The Perfect Teacher himself has shown
That in this way all fears
As well as all boundless miseries
Originate from the mind.
7
Who intentionally created
All the weapons for those in hell?
Who created the burning iron ground?
From where did all the women (in hell) ensure?
8
The mighty One has said that all such things
Are (the workings of) an evil mind,
Hence within the three world spheres
There is nothing to fear other than my mind. 9
If the perfection of generosity
Were the alleviation of the worldʹs poverty, Then since beings are still starving now ʹ
In what manner did the previous Buddhas perfect it? 10
The perfection of generosity is said to be
The thought to give all beings everything,
Together with the fruit of such a thought Hence it is simply a state of mind.
11
Nowhere has the killing
Of fish and other creatures been eradicated;
For the attainment of (merely) the thought to forsake (such things) Is explained as the perfection of moral discipline.
12
Unruly beings are as (unlimited) as space:
They cannot possibly all be overcome,
But if I overcome thoughts of anger alone
This will be equivalent to vanquishing all foes.
13
Where would I possibly find enough leather
With which to cover the surface of the earth?
But (wearing) leather just on the soles of my shoes .
Is equivalent to covering the earth with it.
14
Likewise it is not possible for me
To restrain the external course of things;
But should I restrain this mind of mine
What would be the need to restrain all else?
15
Although the development of merely a clear state of concentration Can result in (taking birth in) Brahmaʹs realm,
Physical and vocal actions cannot so result
When (accompanied) by weak (mental) conduct.
16
The knower of reality has said
That even if recitation and physical hardships
Are practised for long periods of time,
They will be meaningless if the mind is distracted
elsewhere
17

Even those who wish to find happiness and overcome misery Will wander with no aim nor meaning
If they do not comprehend the secret of the mind—
The paramount significance of Dharma.
18
This being so,
I shall hold and guard my mind well.
Without the discipline of guarding the mind,
What use are many other disciplines?
19
Just as I would be attentive and careful of a wound
When amidst a bustling uncontrolled crowd,
So I should always guard the wound of my mind
When dwelling among harmful people.
20
And if I am careful of a wound
Through fear of it being slightly hurt,
Then why do I not guard the wound of my mind
Through fear of being crushed by the mountains of hell?
21
Should I behave in such a way as this,
Then whether among harmful people
Or even in the midst of women,
The steady effort to control myself will not decline.
22
It is better to be without wealth,
Honour, body and livelihood;
And it is better to let other virtues deteriorate,
Rather than ever to let (the virtues of) the mind decline.
23
O you who wish to guard your minds,
I beseech you with folded hands;
Always exert yourselves to guard
Mindfulness and alertness!
24
People who are disturbed by sickness
Have no strength to do anything (useful),
Likewise those whose minds are disturbed by confusion Have no strength to do anything (wholesome).
25
Whatever has been learnt, contemplated and meditated upon By those whose minds lack alertness,
Just like water in a leaking vase,

Will not be retained in their memory. 26
Even those who have much learning, Faith and willing perseverance
Will become defiled by a (moral) fall
Due to the mistake of lacking alertness.
27
The thieves of unalertness,
In following upon the decline of mindfulness,
Will steal even the merits I have firmly gathered
(So that) I shall then proceed to lower realms.
28
This host of thieves who are my own disturbing conceptions Will search for a good opportunity,
Having found it they will steal my virtue
And destroy (the attainment of) life in a happy realm.
29
Therefore I shall never let mindfulness depart
From the doorway of my mind.
If it goes, I should recall the misery of the lower realms
And firmly re‐establish it there.
30
Through staying in the company of spiritual masters, Through the instructions of abbots and through fear, Mindfulness will easily be generated
In fortunate people who practise with respect.
31
ʺI am ever dwelling in the presence
Of all the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas
Who are always endowed
With unobstructed vision.ʺ
32
By thinking in this way
I shall mindfully develop a sense of shame, respect and fear. Also through doing this,
Recollection of the Buddha will repeatedly occur.
33
When mindfulness is set with the purpose
Of guarding the doorway of the mind,
Then alertness will come about
And even that which had gone will return.
34
When, just as I am about (to act).

I see that my mind is tainted (with defilement), AI such a time I should remain
Unmoveable, like a piece of wood.
35
Never should I look around
Distractedly for no purpose:
With a resolute mind
I should always keep my eyes cast downwards. 36
But in order to relax the gaze
For a short while I should look around,
And if someone appears in my field of vision
I should look at him and say, ʺWelcome.ʺ
37
To check if there is any danger on the path
I should look again and again in the four directions.
To rest, I should turn my head around
And then look behind me.
38
Having examined both ahead and behind
I should proceed to either come or go.
Being aware of the necessity (for such mindful alertness)
I should behave like this in all situations.
39
(Once) having prepared for an action with the thought,
ʺMy body will remain in such a way,ʺ
Then periodically I should look to see
How the body is being maintained.
40
With the utmost effort I should check
To see that the crazed elephant of my mind
Is not wandering off but is bound
To the great pillar of thinking about Dharma.
41
Those who strive by all means for concentration
Should not wander off even a moment;
By thinking, ʺHow is my mind behaving?ʺ—
They should closely analyse their mind.
42
But if I am unable to do this
When afraid or involved in celebrations, then I should relax. Likewise it has been taught that at times of giving
One may be indifferent to (certain aspects of) moral discipline.

43
I should undertake whatever deed I have intended to do
And think of doing other than it.
With my mind applied to that task,
I should set about for the time being to accomplish it.
44
By acting in this way all will be done well,
But (by acting) otherwise neither (action) will be done.
Likewise there will be no increase in the proximate disturbing conceptions That come from a lack of alertness.
45
If I happen to be present
While a senseless conversation is taking place
Or if I happen to see some kind of spectacular show,
I should abandon attachment towards it.
46
If for no reason I start digging the earth,
Picking at the grass or drawing patterns on the ground,
Then by recalling the advice of the Buddhas,
I should immediately step out of fear.
47
Whenever I have the desire
To move my body or to say something,
First of all I should examine my mind
And then, with steadiness, act in the proper way.
48
Whenever there is attachment in my mind
And whenever there is the desire to be angry,
I should not do anything nor say anything,
But remain like a piece of wood.
49
Whenever I have distracted thoughts, the wish to verbally belittle others, Feelings of self‐importance or self‐satisfaction;
When I have the intention to describe the faults of others,
Pretension and the thought to deceive others;
50
Whenever I am eager for praise
Or have the desire to blame others;
Whenever I have the wish to speak harshly and cause dispute;
At (all) such times I should remain like a piece of wood.
51
Whenever I desire material gain, honour or fame;
Whenever I seek attendants or a circle of friends,

And when in my mind I wish to be served;
At (all) these times I should remain like a picece of wood.
52
Whenever I have the wish to decrease or to stop working for others
And the desire to pursue my welfare alone,
If (motivated by such thoughts), a wish to say something occurs,
At these times I should remain like a piece of wood.
53
Whenever I have impatience, laziness, cowardice,
Shamelessness or the desire to talk nonsense;
If thoughts of partiality arise,
At these times too I should remain like a piece of wood.
54
Having in this way examined his mind for disturbing conceptions
And for thoughts that strive for meaningless things,
The courageous (Bodhisattva) should hold his mind steady
Through (the application of) remedial forces.
55
Being very resolute and faithful,
Steady, respectful, polite,
With a sense of shame, apprehensive and peaceful,
I should strive to make others happy.
56
I should not be disheartened by all the whims
Of the childish who are in discord with one another
I should know them to arise in their minds due to disturbing conceptions And therefore be kind (towards them).
57
In doing that which by nature is not unwholesome
Both for the sake of myself and other sentient beings
I should always hold my mind fast,
(Acting) like an apparition, with no sense of self.
58
By thinking again and again
That after a long time I have won the greatest leisure,
Likewise I should hold my mind
As utterly unshakeable as the king of mountains.
59
If, mind, you are not made unhappy
When this body is dragged and tossed about
By vultures greedy for flesh,
Then why are you so concerned about it now
60

Holding this body as ʺmineʺ,
Why, mind, do you guard it so?
Since you and it are separate,
What use can it be to you?
61
Why, confused mind,
Do you not hold onto a clean, wooden form?
Just what is the point of guarding
This putrid, dirt‐filled machine?
62
First of all, mentally separate
The layers of skin (from the flesh)
And then with the scalpel of discrimination
Separate the flesh from the skeletal frame;
63
And having split open even the bones
Look right down into the marrow.
While examining this ask yourself,
ʺWhere is its essence?ʺ
64
If, even when searching with such effortʹ
You can apprehend no essence,
Then why with so much attachment
Are you still guarding this body now.
65
What use is this body to you
If its dirty insides are unfit for you to eat,
If its blood is not fit to drink
And if its intestines are not fit to be sucked?
66
At second best it is only fit to be guarded
In order to feed the vultures and jackals.
(Truly) this body of a human being
Should only be employed (in the practice of virtue).
67
But should you instead guard it ( with attachment),
Then what will you be able to do
When it is stolen by the unsympathetic lord of death
And given to the dogs and birds?
68
If servants are not given clothing and so forth
When they are unable to be employed,
Then why do you exhaust yourself looking after the flesh alone

When even though caring for the body, it goes elsewhere 69
Now having paid my body its wages,
I shall engage it in making my life meaningful.
But if my body is of no benefit.
Then I shall not give it anything.
70
I should conceive of my body as a boat, A mere support for coming and going. And in order to benefit all others Transform it into a wish‐fulfilling body. 71
Now, while there is freedom to act,
I should always present a smiling face
And cease to frown and look angry:
I should be a friend and counsel of the world.
72
I should desist from inconsiderately and noisily
Moving around chairs and so forth,
As well as from violently opening doors:
I should always delight in humility.
73
The stork, the cat and the thief,
By moving silently and carefully,
Accomplish what they desire to do;
A Bodhisattva too should always behave in this way.
74
With respect I should gratefully accept
Unsought‐after words that are of benefit
And that wisely advise and admonish me:
At all times I should be the pupil of everyone.
75
I should say, ʺWell said,ʺ to all those
Who speak (Dharma) well,
And if I see someone doing good
I should praise him and be well pleased.
76
I should discreetly talk about the good qualities (of others) And repeat those (that others) recount.
If my own good qualities are spoken about
I should just know and be aware that I have them.
77
All deeds (of others) are the source of a joy

That would be rare even if it could be bought with money. Therefore I should be happy in finding this joy
In the good things that are done by others.
78
(Through doing this) I shall suffer no losses in this life And in future lives shall find great happiness.
But the fault (of disliking their good qualities) will make me unhappy and miserable
And in future lives I shall find great suffering.
79
When talking I should speak from my heart and on what is relevant. Making the meaning clear and the speech pleasing.
I should not speak out of desire or hatred
But in gentle tones and in moderation.
80
When beholding someone with my eyes,
Thinking, ʺI shall fully awaken
Through depending upon this being,ʺ
I should look at him with an open heart and love.
81
Always being motivated by great aspiration
Or being motivated by the remedial forces,
If I work in the fields of excellence, benefit and misery16
Great virtues will come about.
82
Endowed with wisdom and joy17
I should undertake all that I do.
I (need) not depend upon anyone else
In any actions that I undertake.
83
The perfections such as generosity
Are progressively more exalted
But for a little (morality) I should not forsake a great (gift).
Principally I should conisder what will be of the most benefit for others. 84
When this is well understood,
I should always strive for the welfare of others.
The Far‐Seeing Merciful Ones have allowed (a Bodhisattva)
To do some actions that (for others) were forbidden.
85
I should divide my food amongst those who have fallen to lower realms, Those without protection, and practitioners,
And eat merely what is sufficient for myself.

Except for the three robes I may give away all.
86
This body which is being used for the sacred Dharma
Should not be harmed for only slight benefit.
By my behaving in this way
The wishes of all beings will be quickly fulfilled.
87
Those who lack the pure intention of compassion
Should not give their body away.
Instead, both in this and future lives,
They should give it to the cause of fulfilling the great purpose.
88
The Dharma should not be explained to those who lack respect,
To those who, like sick men, wear cloth around their heads,
To those holding umbrellas, sticks or weapons,
To those with covered heads,
89
Nor to a woman unaccompanied by a man.
The vast and profound should not be taught to lesser beings,
(Although)! should always pay equal respect
To the Dharmas of the lesser and higher beings.
90
I should not communicate the Dharma of a lesser being
To one who is a vessel for the vast Dharma.
I must not forsake the (Bodhisattva) way of life,
Nor mislead others by means of sutras or mantras.
91
When I spit or throw away the stick for (cleaning) my teeth,
I should cover it up (with earth).
Also it is shameful to urinate and so forth
In water or on land used by others.
92
When eating I should not fill my mouth,
Eat noisily or with my mouth wide open.
I should not sit with my legs outstretched
Nor rub my hands together.
93
I should not sit alone in vehicles, upon beds
Nor in the same room with the women of others.
(In brief), having observed or inquired about what is proper,
I should not do anything that would be disliked by the people of the world. 94
I should not give directions with one finger,

But instead indicate the way
Respectfully with my right arm
With all my fingers fully outstretched.
95
Nor should I wildly wave my arms about,
But should make my point
With slight gestures and a snap of the fingers‐
Otherwise I shall lose control.
96
Just as the Buddha lay down to pass away
So should I lie in the desired direction (when going to sleep), And first of all with alertness
Make the firm decision to quickly rise again.
97
(Although I am unable to practise all)
The limitless varieties of Bodhisattva conduct,
I should certainly practise as much as (has been mentioned here) Of this conduct that trains the mind.
98
Three times by day and three times by night
I should recite The Sutra of the Three Heaps;
For by relying upon the Buddhas and the Awakening Mind
My remaining downfalls will be purified.
99
Whatever I am doing in any situation,
Whether for myself or for the benefit of others,
I should strive to put into practice
Whatever has been taught for that situation.
100
There is no such thing as something
That is not learned by a Conquerorʹs Son,
Thus if I am skilled in living in this way
Nothing will be non‐meritorious.
101
Whether directly or indirectly, I should not do anything
That is not for the benefit of others.
And solely for the sake of sentient beings
I should dedicate everything towards Awakening.
102
Never, even at the cost of my life,
Should I forsake a spiritual friend
Who is wise in the meaning of the great vehicle
And who is a great Bodhisattva practitioner.

103
I should practise entrusting myself to my spiritual master In the manner taught in The Biography of Shrisambhava.19 This and other advice spoken by the Buddha
I can understand through reading the sutras.
104
I should read the sutras
Because it is from them that the practices appear.
To begin with, I should look at
The Sutra of Akashagarba.
105
In addition I should definitely read
The Compendium of all Practices20 again and again, Because what is to be constantly practised
Is very well and extensively shown there.
106
Also I should sometimes look at
The condensed Compendium of All Sutras.
And I should make an effort to study
The works by the same two (titles) composed by the exalted Nagarjuna.
107
I should do whatever is not forbidden in those (works), And when I see a practice there,
I should impeccably put it into action
In order to guard the minds of worldly people.
108
The defining characteristic of guarding alertness
In brief is only this:
To examine again and again
The condition of my body and mind.
109
Therefore I shall put this way of life into actual practice, For what can be achieved by merely talking about it?
Will a sick man be benefitted
Merely by reading the medical texts?
1
Whatever wholesome deeds.
Such as venerating the Buddhas, and generosity,
That have been amassed over a thousand aeons
Will all be destroyed in one moment of anger.
2
There is no evil like hatred,
And no fortitude like patience.
Thus I should strive in various ways
To meditate on patience.
3
My mind will not experience peace
If it fosters painful thoughts of hatred.
I shall find no joy or happiness,
Unable to sleep, I shall feel unsettled.
4
A master who has hatred
Is in danger of being killed
Even by those who for their wealth and happiness Depend upon his kindness.
5
By it, friends and relatives are disheartened;
Though drawn by my generosity they will not trust me, In brief there is nobody
Who lives happily with anger.
6
Hence the enemy, anger,
Creates sufferings such as these,
But whoever assiduously overcomes it
Finds happiness now and hereafter.
7
Having found its fuel of mental unhappiness
In the prevention of what I wish for
And in the doing of what I do not want,
Hatred increases and then destroys me.
8
Therefore I should totally eradicate
The fuel of this enemy;
For this enemy has no other function
Than that of causing me harm.
9
Whatever befalls me
I shall not disturb my mental joy;
For having been made unhappy, I shall not accomplish what I wish And my virtues will decline.
10
Why be unhappy about something
If it can be remedied?
And what is the use of being unhappy about something If it cannot be remedied?
11
For myself and for my friends
I want no suffering, no disrespect,
No harsh words and nothing unpleasant;
But for my enemies is it the opposite.
12
The causes of happiness sometimes occur
But the causes for suffering are very many.
Without suffering there is no renunciation.
Therefore, mind, you should stand firm.
13
If some ascetics and the people of Karnapa
Endure the pain of cuts and burns for no reason,
Then for the sake of liberation
Why have I no courage?
14
There is nothing whatsoever
That is not made easier through acquaintance.
So through becoming acquainted with small harms
I should learn to patiently accept greater harms.
15
Who has not seen this to be so with trifling sufferings Such as the bites of snakes and insects,
Feelings of hunger and thirst
And with such minor things as rashes?
16
I should not be impatient
With heat and cold, wind and rain,
Sickness, bondage and beatings;
For if I am, the harm they cause me will increase.
17
Some when they see their own blood

Become especially brave and steady,
But some when they see the blood of others.
Faint and fall unconscious.
18
These (reactions) come from the mind
Being either steady or timid.
Therefore I should disregard harms caused to me
and not be affected by suffering.
19
Even when the wise are suffering
Their minds remain very lucid and undefiled;
For when war is being waged against the disturbing conceptions Much harm is caused at the times of battle.
20
The victorious warriors are those
Who, having disregarded all suffering,
Vanquish the foes of hatred and so forth;
(Common warriors) slay only corpses.
21
Furthermore, suffering has good qualities:
Through being disheartened with it, arrogance is dispelled, Compassion arises for those in cyclic existence,
Evil is shunned and joy is found in virtue.
22
As I do not become angry
With great sources of suffering such as jaundice,
Then why be angry with animate creatures?
They too are provoked by conditions.
23
Although they are not wished for,
These sicknesses arise;
And likewise although they are not wished for,
These disturbing conceptions forcibly arise.
24
Without thinking, ʺI shall be angry,ʺ
People become angry with no resistance,
And without thinking, ʺI shall produce myself,ʺ
Likewise anger itself is produced.
25
All mistakes that are
And all the various kinds of evil
Arise through the force of conditions:
They do not govern themselves.

26
These conditions that assemble together
Have no intention to produce anything,
And neither does their product
Have the intention to be produced.
27
That which is asserted as Primal Substance
And that which is imputed as a Self,
(Since they are unproduced) do not arise after having
purposefully thought,
ʺI shall arise (in order to cause harm.ʺ)
28
If they are unproduced and non‐existent
Then whatever wish they have to produce (harm will also not exist).
Since (this Self) would permanently apprehend its objects,
It follows that it would never cease to do so.
29
Furthermore if the Self were permanent
It would clearly be devoid of action, just like space.
So even if it met with other conditions
How could its unchanging (nature) be affected?
30
Even if when acted upon (by other conditions) it remains as before,
Then what could actions do to it?
Thus if I say that this (condition) acts upon (a permanent Self),
How could the two ever be (causally) related?
31
Hence everything is governed by other factors (which in turn) are governed by (others),
And in this way nothing governs itself.
Having understood this, I should not become angry
With phenomena that are like apparitions.
32
—(If everything is unreal like an apparition) then who is there to restrainʹwhat (anger)?
Surely (in this case) restraint would be inappropriate—
It would not be inappropriate, because (conventionally)
I must maintain
That in dependence upon restraining (anger) the steam of suffering is severed. 33
So when seeing an enemy or even a friend
Committing an improper action,
By thinking that such things arise from conditions

I shall remain in a happy frame of mind.
34
If things were brought into being by choice,
Then since no one wishes to suffer,
Suffering would not occur
To any embodied creature.
35
Through not being careful
People even harm themselves with thorns and other things,
And for the sake of obtaining women andʺ the like
They become obsessed and deprive themselves of food.
36
And there are some who injure themselves
Through the unmeritorious deeds
Of hanging themselves, leaping from cliffs,
Eating poison and unhealthy foods.
37
If, when under the influence of disturbing conceptions,
People will even kill their treasured selves,
How can they be expected not to cause harm
To the bodies of other living beings?
38
Even if I cannot develop compassion for all such people
Who through the arisal of disturbing conceptions,
Set out to try and kill me and so forth,
The last thing I should do is to become angry with them.
39
Even if it were the nature of the childish
To cause harm to other beings,
It would still be incorrect to be angry with them.
For this would be like begrudging fire for having the nature to burn.
40
And even if the fault were temporary
In they who are by nature reliable,
It would still be incorrect to be angry.
For this would be like begrudging space for allowing smoke to arise in it. 41
If I become angry with the yielder
Although I am actually harmed by his stick,
Then since he too is secondary, being in turn incited by hatred,
I should really be angry with his hatred.
42
Previously I must have caused similar harm

To other sentient beings.
Therefore it is right for this harm to be returned To me who is the cause of injury to others.
43
Both the weapon and my body
Are the causes of my suffering.
Since he gave rise to the weapon and I to the body, With whom should I be angry?
44
If in blind attachment I cling
To this suffering abscess of a human form
Which cannot bear to be touched,
With whom should I be angry when it is hurt?
45
It is the fault of the childish that they are hurt,
For although they do not wish to suffer
They are greatly attached to its causes.
So why should they be angry with others?
46
Just like the guardians of the hell worlds
And the forest of razor‐sharp leaves,
So is this (suffering) produced by my actions; With whom therefore should I be angry?
47
Having been instigated by my own actions,
Those who cause me harm come into being.
If by these (actions) they should fall into hell Surely isnʹt it I who am destroying them?
48
In dependence upon them I purify many evils
By patiently accepting the harms that they cause, But in dependence upon me they will fall
Into hellish pain for a very long time.
49
So since I am causing harm to them
And they are benefitting me,
Why, unruly mind, do you become angry
In such a mistaken manner?
50
If my mind has the noble quality (of patience)
I shall not go to hell,
But although I am protecting myself (in this way) How will it be so for them?

51
Nevertheless, should I return the harm
It will not protect them either.
By doing so my conduct will deteriorate
And hence this fortitude will be destroyed.
52
Since my mind is not physical
In no way can anyone destroy it,
But through its being greatly attached to my body
It is caused harm by (physical) suffering.
53
Since disrespect, harsh speech
And unpleasant words
Do not cause any harm to my body,
Why, mind, do you become so angry?
54
—Because others will dislike me—
But since it will not devour me
Either in this or in another life
Why do I not want this (dislike)?
55
—Because it will hinder my worldly gain—
Even if I do not want this
I shall have to leave my worldly gains behind
And my evil alone will remain unmoved.
56
Thus it is better that I die today
Than live a long but wicked life;
For even if people like me should live a long time,
There will always be the suffering of death.
57
Suppose someone should awaken from a dream
In which he experienced one hundred years of happiness, And suppose another should awaken from a dream
In which he experienced just one moment of happiness; 58
For both of these people who have awoken
That happiness will never return.
Similarly, whether my life has been long or short,
At the time of death it will be finished like this.
59
Although I may live happily for a long time
Through obtaining a great deal of material wealth,

I shall go forth empty‐handed and destitute
Just like having been robbed by a thief.
60
—Surely material wealth will enable me to live,
And then shall be able to consume evil and do good— But if I am angry on account of it
Will not my merit be consumed and evil increase? 61
And what use will be the life
Of one who only commits evil,
If for the sake of material gain
He causes (the merits needed for) life to degenerate
62
—Surely I should be angry with those
Who say unpleasant things that weaken other beingsʹ (confidence in me)— But in the same way why am I not angry ‐
With people who say unpleasant things about others?
63
If I can patiently accept this lack of confidence
Because it is related to someone else,
Then why am I not patient with unpleasant words (about myself)
Since they are related to the arisal of disturbing conceptions?
64
Should others talk badly of or even destroy
Holy images, reliquaries and the sacred Dharma.
It is improper for me to resent it
For the Buddhas can never be injured.
65
I should prevent anger arising towards those
Who injure my spiritual masters, relatives and friends.
Instead I should see, as in the manner shown before,
That such things arise from conditions.
66
Since embodied creatures are injured
By both animate beings and inanimate objects,
Why only bear malice to the animate?
It follows that I should patiently accept all harm.
67
Should one person ignorantly do wrong
And another ignorantly become angry (with him),
Who would be at fault?
And who would be without fault?
68

Why did I previously commit those actions Because of which others now cause me harm? Since everything is related to my actions
Why should I bear malice towards these (enemies)? 69
When I have seen this to be so,
I should strive for what is meritorious
(In order to) certainly bring about
Loving thoughts between all.
70
For example, when a fire in one house
Has moved into another house,
It is right to get rid of straw and such things
That will cause the fire to spread.
71
Likewise when the fire of hatred spreads
To whatever my mind is attached,
I should immediately get rid of it
For fear of my merit being burned.
72
Why is a man condemned to death not fortunate
If he is released after having his hand cut off?
Why am I who am experiencing human misery not fortunate If by that I am spared from (the agonies of) hell?
73
If I am unable to endure
Even the mere sufferings of the present,
Then why do I not restrain myself from being angry,
Which will be the source of hellish misery?
74
For the sake of satisfying my desires
I have suffered numerous burnings in hell,
But by those actions I fulfilled the purpose
Of neither myself nor others.
75
But now since great meaning will accrue
From harm which is not even (a fraction) of that,
I should indeed be solely joyful
Towards such suffering that dispels the harms of all.
76
Should someone else find joyous happiness
Upon praising (my enemy) as an excellent person,
Why, mind, do you not praise him too

And likewise make yourself happy?
77
That joyous happiness of yours
Would be a source of joy, not something prohibited, A precept given by the Excellent Ones
And a supreme (means) for assembling others.
78
It is said that others are made happy through (being praised) in this way.
But if, in this way, you do not want (them to have) this happiness,
Then, (since it makes them happy), you should cease giving wages and the like (to your servants).
But you would be adversely affected both in this and future lives.
79
When people describe my own good qualities
I want others to be happy too,
But when they describe the good qualities of others
I do not wish to be happy myself.
80
Having generated the Awakening Mind
Through wishing all beings to be happy,
Why should I become angry
If they find some happiness themselves?
81
If I wish for all sentient beings to become
Buddhas worshipped throughout the three realms,
Then why am I tormented
When I see them receiving mere mundane respect?
82
If a relative for whom I am caring
And to whom I must give many things
Should be able to find his own livelihood,
Wouldnʹt I be happy, rather than angry?
83
If I do not wish for beings to have even this,
How can I wish for them to awaken?
And where is there an Awakening Mind
In him who becomes angry when others receive things?
84
What does it matter if (my enemy) is given something not?
Whether he obtains it
Or whether it remains in the benefactorʹs house,
In either case I shall get nothing.
85

So why, by becoming angry, do I throw away my merits, The faith (others have in me) and my good qualities? Tell me, why am I not angry (with myself)
For not having the causes for gain?
86
Let alone not having any remorse
About the evils that you committed, (O mind),
Why do you wish to compete with others
Who have committed meritorious deeds?
87
Even if your enemy is made unhappy
What is there for you to be joyful about?
Your merely wishing (for him to be hurt)
Did not cause him to be injured.
88
And even if he does suffer as you had wished,
What is there for you to be joyful about?
If you say, ʺFor I shall be satisfied,ʺ
How could there be anything more wretched than that?
89
This hook cast by the fishermen of disturbing conceptions Is unbearably sharp: Having been caught on it,
It is certain that I shall be cooked
In cauldrons by the guardians of hell.
90
The honour of praise and fame
Will not turn into merit nor life;
It will give me neither strength nor freedom from sickness, And will not provide any physical happiness.
91
If I were aware of what held meaning for me,
What value would I find in these things?
If all I want is (a little) mental happiness,
I should devote myself to gambling, drinking and so forth. 92
If for the sake of fame
I give away my wealth or get myself killed,
What can the mere words (of fame) do then?
Once I have died, to whom will they give pleasure?
93
When their sandcastles collapse,
Children howl in despair;
Likewise when my praise and reputation decline

My mind becomes like a little child.
94
Since short‐lived sounds are inanimate
They cannot possibly think of praising me.
—But as it makes (the bestower of praise) happy, (My) reputation is a source of pleasure (for me)— 95
But whether this praise is directed at myself or someone else How shall I be benefitted by the joy (of he who bestows it)? Since that joy and happiness is his alone
I shall not obtain even a part of it.
96
But if I do find happiness in his happiness
Then surely I should feel the same way towards all?
And if this were so then why am I unhappy
When others find pleasure in that which brings them joy? 97
Therefore the happiness that arises
From thinking, ʺI am being praisedʺ, is invalid.
It is only the behaviour of a child.
98
Praise and so forth distract me
And also undermine my disillusion (with cyclic existence); I start to envy those who have good qualities
And all the very best is destroyed.
99
Therefore, are not those who are closely involved
In destroying my praise and the like
Also involved in protecting me
From falling into the unfortunate realms?
100
I who am striving for freedom
Do not need to be bound by material gain and honour.
So why should I be angry
With those who free me from this bondage?
101
Those who wish to cause me suffering
Are like Buddhas bestowing waves of blessing.
As they open the door for my not going to an unfortunate Why should I be angry with them?
102
—But what if someone should obstruct my gaining merit With him too it is incorrect to be angry;

For since there is no fortitude similar to patience Surely I should put it into practice.
103
If due to my own failings
I am not patient with this (enemy),
Then it is only I who am preventing myself
From practising this cause for gaining merit.
104
If without it something does not occur
And if with it, it does come to be,
Then since this (enemy) would be the cause of (patience) How can I say that he prevents it?
105
A beggar is not an obstacle to generosity
When I am giving something away,
And I cannot say that those who give ordination
Are an obstacle to becoming ordained.
106
There are indeed many beggars in this world,
But scarce are those who inflict harm;
For if I have not injured others
Few beings will cause me harm.
107
Therefore, just like treasure appearing in my house Without any effort on my behalf to obtain it,
I should be happy to have an enemy
For he assists me in my conduct of Awakening.
108
And because I am able to practise (patience) with him, He is worthy of being given
The very first fruits of my patience,
For in this way he is the cause of it.
109
—But why should my enemy be venerated,
He has no intention for me to practise patience?—
Then why venerate the sacred Dharma?
(It too has no intention) but is a fit cause for practice.
110
—But surely my enemy is not to be venerated
For he intends to cause me harm—
But how could patience be practised
If, like doctors, people always strove to do me good? 111

Thus since patient acceptance is produced
In dependence upon (one with) a very hateful mind,
That person should be worthy of veneration just like
the sacred Dharma,
Because he is a cause of patience.
112
Therefore the Mighty One has said
That the field of sentient beings is (similar to) a Buddha‐field, For many who have pleased them
Have thereby reached perfection.
113
A Buddhaʹs qualities are gained
From the sentient beings and the Conquerors alike,
So why do I not respect them
In the same way as I respect the Conquerors?
114
(Of course) they are not similar in the quality of their intentions But only in the fruits (that they produce);
So it is in this respect that they have excellent qualities
And are therefore (said to be) equal.
115
Whatever (merit comes from) venerating one with a loving mind Is due to the eminence of sentient beings.
And in the same way the merit of having faith in Buddha
Is due to the eminence of Buddha.
116
Therefore they are asserted to be equal
In the share they have in establishing Buddha‐qualities.
But none of them are equal (in good qualities)
With the Buddhas who are boundless oceans of excellence.
117
Even if the three realms were offered,
It would be insufficient in paying veneration
To those few beings in whom a mere share of the good qualities Of the Unique Assemblage of Excellence appears.
118
Thus since sentient beings have a share
In giving rise to the supreme Buddha‐qualities,
Surely it is correct to venerate them
As they are similar in merely this respect?
119
Furthermore, what way is there to repay (the Buddhas)
Who grant immeasurable benefit

And who befriend the world without pretension,
Other than by pleasing sentient beings?
120
Therefore since benefitting these beings will repay
Those who give their bodies and enter the deepest hell for their sake, I shall behave impeccably in all (that I do)
Even if they cause me a great deal of harm.
121
When for their sake, those who are my Lords Have no regard even for their own bodies,
Then why am I the fool so full of self‐importance? Why do I not act like a servant towards them? 122
Because of their happiness the Conquerors are delighted, But if they are harmed they are displeased.
Hence by pleasing them I shall delight the Conquerors And by harming them I shall hurt the Conquerors.
123
Just as desirable sense‐objects would give my mind no pleasure
If my body was ablaze with fire,
Likewise when living creatures are in pain
There is no way for the Compassionate Ones to be pleased.
124
Therefore as I have caused harm to living beings,
Today I openly declare all my unwholesome acts
That have brought displeasure to the Compassionate Ones.
Please bear with me, O Lords, for this displeasure I have caused you.
125
From now on, in order to delight the Tathagatas
I shall serve the universe and definitely cease (to cause harm).
Although many beings may kick and stamp upon the head,
Even at the risk of dying may I delight the Protectors of the World (by not retaliating). 126
There is no doubt that those with the nature of compassion
Regard all these beings (to be the same) as themselves.
Furthermore, those who see (this Buddha‐nature) as the nature of sentient beings see the Buddhas themselves;
Why then do I not respect (sentient beings)?
127
(Pleasing living beings) delights the Tathagatas
And perfectly accomplishes my own purpose as well.
In addition it dispels the pain and misery of the universe,
Therefore I should always practise it.

128
For example, should some of the kingʹs men
Cause harm to many people,
Farsighted men would not return the harm
Even if they were able (to do so).
129
For they see that (these men) are not alone
But are supported by the might of the king.
Likewise I should not underestimate
Weak beings who cause me a little harm;
130
For they are supported by the guardians of hell
And by all the Compassionate Ones.
So (behaving) like the subjects of that firey king
I should please all sentient beings
131
Even if such a king were to become angry,
Could he cause the pain of hell,
Which is the fruit I would have to experience
By displeasing sentient beings?
132
And even if such a king were to be kind,
He could not possibly grant me Buddhahood,
Which is the fruit I would obtain
By pleasing sentient beings.
133
Why do I not see
That my future attainment of Buddhahood
As well as glory, renown and happiness in this very life
All come from pleasing sentient beings?
134
While in cyclic existence patience causes
Beauty, health and renown.
Because of these I shall live for a very long time
And win the extensive pleasures of the universal Chakra Kings.
1
Having patience I should develop enthusiasm;
For Awakening will dwell only in those who exert themselves.
Just as there is no movement without wind,
So merit does not occur without enthusiasm.
2
What is enthusiasm? It is finding joy in what is wholesome.
Its opposing factors are explained
As laziness, attraction to what is bad
And despising oneself out of despondency.
3
Because of attachment to the pleasurable taste of idleness.
Because of craving for sleep
And because of having no disillusion with the misery of cyclic existence, Laziness grows very strong.
4
Enmeshed in the snare of disturbing conceptions,
I have entered the snare of birth.
Why am I still not aware
That I live in the mouth of the lord of death?
5
Do I not see
That he is systematically slaughtering my species?
Whoever remains soundly asleep
(Surely behaves) like a buffalo with a butcher.
6
When having blocked off every (escape) route
The lord of death is looking (for someone to kill),
How can I enjoy eating?
And likewise how can I enjoy sleep?
7
—For as long as death is actually approaching
Then I shall accumulate merits
Even if I then put a stop to laziness,
What will be the use? That is not the time!
8
When this has not been done, when this is being done
And when this is only half finished,
Suddenly the lord of death will come.
And the thought will occur, ʺOh no, I am done for!ʺ 9
Their faces flowing with tears
And their eyes red and swollen with sorrow,
My relatives will finally lose hope
And I shall behold the vision of the messengers of death.
10
Tormented by the memory of my evils
And hearing the sounds of hell,
In terror I shall clothe my body in excrement.
What virture can I do in such a delirious state?
11
If even in this life I shall be gripped with fear
Like that of a five fish being rolled (in hot sand),
Why even mention the unbearable agonies of hell
That will result from my unwholesome deeds?
12
Now can I remain at ease like this
When I have committed the actions (that will bear fruit)
In my delicate infantʹs body encountering boiling acids
In the hell of tremendous heat?
13
Much harm befalls those with little forbearance
And those who want results without making any effort.
While clasped by death they shall cry like the gods,
ʺOh no, I am overcome by misery!ʺ
14
Relying upon the boat of a human (body),
Free yourself from the great river of pain!
As it is hard to find this boat again,
This is no time for sleep, you fool.
15
Having rejected the supreme joy of the sacred Dharma
This is a boundless source of delight,
Why am I distracted by the causes for pain?
Why do I enjoy frivolous amusements and the like?
16
Without indulging in despondency, I should gather the supports (for enthusiasm) And earnestly take control of myself.
(Then by seeing) the equality between self and others
I should practise exchanging self for others.
17
I should never indulge in despondency by entertaining such thoughts as,

ʺHow shall I ever awaken?ʺ
ʺHow the Tathagatas who speak what is true
Have uttered this truth:
18
ʺIf they develop the strength of their exertion,
Even those who are flies, mosquitoes, bees and insects
Will win the unsurpassable Awakening
Which is so hard to find.ʺ
19
So, if I do not forsake the Bodhisattvasʹ way of life.
Why should someone like myself who has been born in the human race Not attain Awakening, since I am able to recognise
What is beneficial and what is of harm?
20
—But nevertheless it frightens me to think
That I may have to give away my arms and legs—
Without discriminating between what is heavy and what is light,
I am reduced to fear through confusion.
21
For over countless myriads of aeons
I have been cut, stabbed, burned,
And flayed alive innumerable times
But I have not awakened.
22
Yet the suffering
Involved in my awakening will have a limit;
It is like the suffering of having an incision made
In order to remove and destroy greater pain.
23
Even doctors eliminate illness
With unpleasant medical treatments,
So in order to overcome manifold sufferings
I should be able to put up with some discomfort.
24
But the Supreme Physician does not employ
Common medical treatments such as these,
With an extremely gentle technique
He remedies all the greatest ills.
25
At the beginning, the Guide of the World encourages
The giving of such things as food.
Later, when accustomed to this,
One may progressively start to give away even oneʹs flesh.

26
At such a time when my mind is developed
To the point of regarding my body like food,
Then what hardship would there be
When it came to giving away my flesh?
27
Having forsaken all evil there would be no suffering
And due to wisdom there would be no lack of joy;
But now my mind is afflicted by mistaken conceptions
And my body is caused harm by unwholesome deeds.
28
As their bodies are happy due to their merits
And their minds are happy due to their wisdom,
Even if they remained in cyclic existence for the sake of others
Why would the Compassionate Ones ever be upset?
29
Due to the strength of his Awakening Mind,
The Bodhisattva consumes his previous evils
And harvests oceans of merit:
Hence he is said to excel the Shravakas.
30
So, having mounted the horse of an Awakening Mind
That dispels all discouragement and weariness,
Who, when they know of this mind that proceeds from joy to joy, Would ever lapse into despondency?
31
The supports when working for the sake of living beings
Are aspiration, steadfastness, joy and rest
Aspiration is developed through fear of misery
And by contemplating the benefits of (aspiration) itself.
32
Thus in order to increase my enthusiasm
I should strive to abandon its opposing forces,
To (amass the supports of) aspiration, self‐confidence, joy and rest, To practise in earnest and to become strong in self‐control.
33
I shall have to overcome
The boundless faults of myself and others,
And (in order to destroy) each of these faults (alone)
(I may have to strive until) an ocean of aeons is exhausted.
34
But if within myself I do not perceive
Even a fraction of the perseverance (required) to exhaust these faults,

Then why do I not have a heart attack?
For now I have become an abode for infinite misery.
35
Likewise I shall have to realise
Many excellent qualities for myself and others,
And (in order to attain) each of these qualities (alone)
I may have to acquaint myself with its cause until an ocean of aeons is exhausted.
36
But I have never developed acquaintance
With even a fraction of these excellences!
How strange it is to squander
This birth I have found by some coincidence.
37
I have not made offerings to the Lord Buddhas,
I have not given the pleasure of great festivals,
I have not performed actions for the teachings,
I have not fulfilled the wishes of the poor,
38
I have not granted fearlessness to the frightened
And I have not given happiness to the weak.
All I have given rise to is
The agonies in the motherʹs womb, and to suffering.
39
Both now and in previous lives
Such deprivation has arisen
Because of my lack of aspiring for the Dharma:
Who would ever reject this aspiring for Dharma?
40
The Mighty One himself has said
That aspiration is the root of every facet of virtue;
Its root is constant acquaintance
With the ripening‐effects (of actions).
41
(Physical) pain, mental unhappiness,
All the various kinds of fear,
As well as separation from what is desired
All arise from an unwholesome way of life.
42
(However) by committing wholesome actions
Which are (motivated by aspiration) in the mind, Whenever I go I shall be presented with
Tokens of the fruit of that merit.

43
But by committing evil (actions),
Although I may wish for happiness,
Whenever I go I shall be completely overcome
By weapons of pain (caused) by my evil life.
44
As a resut of virtue I shall dwell in the spacious,
fragrant and cool heart of a lotus flower,
My radiance will be nourished by the food of the Conquerorʹs sweet speech,
My glorious form will spring from a lotus unfolded by the Mighty Oneʹs light,
And as a Bodhisatttva I shall abide in the presence of the Conquerors.
45
But as a result of non‐virtue my skin will be ripped off by the henchmen of Yama, In this feeble state liquid copper melted by tremendous heat will be poured into my body.
Pierced by flaming swords and daggers, my flesh will be cut into a hundred pieces And I shall tumble upon the fiercely blazing iron ground.
46
Therefore I should aspire for virtue
And with great respect acquaint myself with it.
Having undertaken the wholesome in the manner of Vajradhvaja.
I should then proceed to acquaint myself with self‐confidence.
47
First of all I should examine well what is to be done
To see whether I can pursue it or cannot undertake it.
(If I am unable) is best to leave it,
But once I have started I must now withdraw.
48
(If I do), then this habit will continue in other lives
And evil and misery will increase,
Also other actions done at the time of its fruition
Will be weak and will not be accomplished.
49
Self‐confidence should be applied to (wholesome) actions,
The (overcoming) of disturbing conceptions and my ability (to do this).
Thinking, ʺI alone shall do it,ʺ
Is the self‐confidence of action.
50
Powerless, their minds disturbed,
People in this world are unable to benefit themselves.
Therefore I shall do it (for them)
Since unlike me these beings are incapable.
51

(Even) if others are doing inferior tasks
Why should I sit here (doing nothing)?
I do not do those tasks because of self‐importance;
It would be best for me to have no such pride.
52
When crows encounter a dying snake,
They will act as though they were eagles.
(Likewise) if (my self‐confidence) is weak
I shall be injured by the slightest downfall.
53
How can those who out of faint‐heartedness have given up trying
Find liberation because of this deficiency?
But even the greatest (obstacle) will find it hard to overcome
One with self‐confidence who is developing exertion,
54
Therefore with a steady mind
I shall overcome all falls,
For if I am defeated by a fall
My wish to vanquish the three realms will become a joke.
55
I will conquer everything
And nothing at all shall conquer me!
I, a son of the Lion‐like Conqueror,
Should remain self‐confident in this way.
56
Whoever has self‐importance is destroyed by it:
He is disturbed and has no self‐confidence.
For those with self‐confidence do not succumb to the power of the enemy, Whereas the former are under the sway of the enemy of self‐importance. 57
Inflated by the disturbing conception of my self‐importance,
I shall be led by it to the lower realms.
It destroys the joyous festival of being human.
I shall become a slave, eating the food of others,
58
Stupid, ugly, feeble and everywhere disrespected.
Tough people bloated by conceit
Are also counted among the self‐important;
Tell me, what is more pathetic than this?
59
Whoever seizes self‐confidence in order to conquer
the enemy of self‐importance,
He is the self‐confident one, the victorious hero.

And in addition, whoever definitely conquers the spread of this enemy, self‐importance,
Completely (wins) the fruit of a Conqueror, fulfilling the wishes of the world. 60
If I find myself amidst a crowd of disturbing conceptions I shall endure them in a thousand ways;
Like a lion among foxes
I will not be affected by this disturbing host.
61
Just as men will guard their eyes
When great danger and turmoil occur,
Likewise I shall never be swayed by the disturbances within my mind, Even at times of great strife.
62
It would be better for me to be burned,
To have my head cut off and to be killed,
Rather then ever bowing down
To those ever‐present disturbing conceptions.
(So likewise in all situations I should do nothing other than what is fit) 63
Just like those who yearn for the fruits of play,
(A Bodhisattva) is attracted
To whatever task he may do:
He never has enough, it only brings him joy.
64
Although people work in order to be happy,
It is uncertain whether or not they will find it;
But how can those whose work itself is joy
Find happiness unless they do it?
65
If I feel that I never have enough sensual objects,
Which are like honey smeared upon a razorʹs edge,
Then why should I ever feel that I have enough
Merit which ripens in happiness and peace?
66
Thus in order to complete this task,
I shall venture into it
Just as an elephant tormented by the midday sun
Plunges into a (cool, refreshing) lake.
67
When my strength declines, I should leave whatever I am doing
In order to be able to continue with it later.
Having done something well, I should put it aside

With the wish (to accomplish) what will follow.
68
Just as an old warrior approaches
The swords of an enemy upon the battlefront,
So shall I avoid the weapons of the disturbing conceptions And skillfully bind this enemy
69
If someone dropped his sword during a battle.
He would immediately pick it up out of fear,
likewise if I lose the weapon of mindfulness
I should quickly retrieve it, being afraid of hell.
70
Just as poison spreads throughout the body
In dependence upon the (circulation of) blood,
Likewise if (a disturbing conception) finds an opportunity Unwholesomeness will permeate my mind.
71
Those who practise should be as attentive
As a frightened man carrying a jar full of mustard oil Who is being threatened by someone with a sword
That he will be killed if he spills just one drop.
72
Just as I would swiftly stand up
If a snake came into my lap,
Likewise if any sleep or laziness occur
I shall quickly turn them back.
73
Each time something unwholesome occurs
I should criticise myself,
And then contemplate for a long time
That I shall never let this happen again.
74
ʺLikewise in all these situations
I shall acquaint myself with mindfulness.ʺ
With this (motivation) as a cause I shall aspire
To meet (with teachers) or accomplish the tasks (they assign me).
75
In order to have strength for everything
I should recall before undertaking any action
The advice in (the chapter on) conscientiousness,
And then joyfully rise (to the task).
76

Just as the wind blowing back and forth Controls (the movement of) a piece of cotton, So shall I be controlled by joy,
And in this way accomplish everything.
1
Having developed enthusiasm in this way,
I should place my mind in concentration;
For the man whose mind is distracted
Dwells between the fangs of disturbing conceptions.
2
But through solitude of body and mind
No distractions will occur;
Therefore 1 should forsake the worldly life
And completely discard distorted conceptions.
3
Worldly life is not forsaken because of attachment (to people)
And due to craving for material gain and the like;
Therefore I should entirely forsake these things,
For this is the way in which the wise behave.
4
Having understood that disturbing conceptions are completely overcome By superior insight endowed with calm abiding,
First of all I should search for calm abiding.
This is achieved through the genuine joy of these unattached to worldly life. 5
Because of the obsession one transient being
Has for other transient beings.
He will not see his beloved ones again
For many thousands of lives.
6
Not seeing them I am unhappy
And my mind cannot be settled in equipoise;
Even if I see them there is no satisfaction
And, as before, I am tormented by craving.
7
Through being, attached to living beings
I am completely obscured from the perfect reality,
My disillusion (with, cyclic existence) perishes
And in the end I am tortured by sorrow.
8
By thinking only of them,
This life will pass without any meaning.
(Furthermore) impermanent friends and relatives
Will even destroy the Dharma (which leads to) permanent (liberation). 9
If I behave in the same way as the childish
I shall certainly proceed to lower realms,
And if I am led there by those unequal (to the Noble Ones), What is the use of entrusting myself to the childish?
10
One moment they are friends
And in the next instant they become enemies.
Since they become angry even in joyful situations,
It is difficult to please ordinary people.
11
They are angry when something of benefit is said
And they also turn me away from what is beneficial.
If I do not listen to what they say,
They become angry and hence proceed to lower realms.
12
They are envious of superiors, competitive with equals,
Arrogant towards inferiors, conceited when praised,
And if anything unpleasant is said they become angry:
Never is any benefit derived from the childish.
13
Through associating with the childish,
There will certainly ensure unwholesomeness
Such as praising myself and belittling others
And discussing the joys of cyclic existence.
14
Developing myself to others in this way
Will bring about nothing but misfortune,
Because they will not benefit me
And I shall not benefit them.
15
I should flee far away from childish people.
When they are encountered, though, I should please them by being happy, I should behave well merely out of courtesy.
But not become greatly familiar.
16
In the same way as a bee takes honey from a flower,
I should take merely (what is necessary) for the practice of Dharma
But remain unfamiliar
As though I had never seen them before.
17
ʺI have much material wealth as well as honour,

And many people like me,ʺ
Nurturing self‐importance in this way
I shall be made terrified after death.
18
So, you thoroughly confused mind,
By the piling up of whatever objects
You are attached to,
Misery a thousandfold will ensue.
19
Hence the wise should not be attached,
(Because) fear is born from attachment.
With a firm mind understand well
That it is the nature of these things to be discarded!
20
Although I may have much material wealth,
Be famous and well spoken of,
Whatever fame and renown I have amassed
Has no power to accompany me (after death).
21
If there is someone who despises me
What pleasure can I have in being praised?
And if there is another who praises me
What displeasure can I have in being despised?
22
If even the Conqueror was unable to please
The various inclinations of different beings,
Then what need to mention an evil person such as I?
Therefore I should give up the intention (to associate with) the worldly. 23
They scorn those who have no material gain
And say bad things about those who do;
How can they who are by nature so hard to get along with
Ever derive any pleasure (from me)?
24
It has been said by the Tathagatas
That one should not befriend the childish,
Because unless they get their own way
These children are never happy.
25
When shall I come to dwell in forests
Amongst the deer, the birds and the trees,
That say nothing unpleasant
And are delightful to associate with?

26
When dwelling in caves,
In empty shrines and at the feet of trees,
Never look back—
Cultivate detachment
27
When shall I some to dwell
In places not clung to as ʺmineʺ
Which are by nature wide and open
And where I may behave as I wish without attachment?
28
When shall I come to live without fear
Having just a begging bowl and a few odd things,
Wearing clothes not wanted by anyone
And not even having to hide this body?
29
Having departed to the cemeteries,
When shall I come to understand
That this body of mine and the skeletons of others
Are equal in being subject to decay?
30
Then, because of its odour,
Not even the foxes
Will come dose to this body of mine;
For this is what will become of it.
31
Although this body arose as one thing,
The bones and flesh with which it was created
Will break up and separate.
How much more so will friends and others?
32
At birth I was born alone
And at death too I shall die alone;
As this pain cannot be shared by others,
What use are obstacle‐making friends?
33
In the same way as travellers on a highway
(Leave one place) and reach, (another),
Likewise those travelling on the path of conditioned existence (Leave.) one birth and reach (another).
34
Until the time comes for this body
To be supported by four pall‐bearers

While the worldly (stand around) stricken with grief, Until then I shall retire to the forest.
35
Befriending no one and begrudging no one,
My body will dwell alone in solitude.
If I am already counted as a dead man,
When I die there will be no mourners.
36
And as there will be no one around
To disturb me with their mourning,
Thus there will be no one to distract me
From my recollection of the Buddha.
37
Therefore I shall dwell alone,
Happy and contented with few difficulties,
In very joyful and beautiful forests,
Pacifying all distractions.
38
Having given up all other intentions,
Being motivated by only one thought,
I shall strive to settle my mind in equipoise (by means of calm abiding) And to subdue it (with superior insight).
39
Both in this world and the next
Desires give rise to great misfortune:
In this life killing, bondage and flaying,
And in the next the existence of the hells.
40
For the sake of (women) many requests
Are first of all made through go‐betweens,
All forms of evil and even notoriety
Are not avoided for their sake.
41
I engage in fearful deeds for them
And will even consume my wealth.
But these (very bodies of theirs)
That I greatly enjoy in the sexual embrace
42
Are nothing other than skeletons,
They are not autonomous and are identity less.
Rather than being so desirous and completely obsessed,
Why do I not go to the state beyond sorrow (instead)?
43

In the first place I made efforts to lift (her veil)
And when it was raised she bashfully looked down. Previously whether anyone looked or not,
Her face was covered with a cloth.
.44
But now why do I run away
Upon directly beholding
This face that disturbs the mind
As it is being revealed to me by the vultures?
45
(Previously) I completely protected (her body)
When others cast their eyes upon it.
Why, miser, do you not protect it now
While it is being devoured by these birds?
46
Since vultures and others are eating
This pile of meat that I behold,
Why did I offer flower garlands, sandalwood and ornaments To that which is now the food of others?
47
If I am frightened by the skeletons I see,
Even though they do not move,
Why am I not frightened by walking corpses
Which are moved around by a few (impulses)?
48
Although I am attached to it when it is covered (with skin) Why do I not desire it when it is uncovered?
Since I have no need for it then,
Why copulate with it when it is covered?
49
Since both excrement and saliva
Arise solely from food,
Why do I dislike excrement
And find joy in saliva?
50
Cotton too is soft to the touch,
But while I find no (sexual) delight in a pillow
I think that (a womanʹs body) does not emit a putrid odour, Lustful One, you are confused as to what is unclean!
51
Thinking that they cannot sleep with this cotton
Although it is soft to the touch,
Confused, negative and lustful people

Become angry towards it (instead).
52
If I am not attached to what is unclean,
Then why do I copulate with the lower parts of othersʹ bodies Which are merely cages of bones tied together with muscles, Plastered over with the mud of flesh?
53
I myself contain many unclean things
Which I constantly have to experience;
So why, because of an obsession for uncleanliness,
Do I desire other bags of filth?
54
—But it is the flesh that I enjoy—
If this is what I wish to touch and behold.
Why do I not desire it in its natural state
Devoid of any mind?
55
Furthermore, any mind that I may desire
Is unable to be touched or behold,
And whatever I am able to touch will not be mental;
So why indulge in this meaningless copulation?
56
It is not so strange that I do not understand
The bodies of others to be of an unclean nature,
But it is indeed strange that I do not understand
My very own body to be by nature unclean.
57
Having forsaken the young lotus flower
Unfolded by beams of sunlight free from cloud,
Why, with a mind craving for what is unclean,
Do I revel in a cage of filth?
58
Since I do not wish to touch
A place that is smeared with excrement,
Then why do I wish to touch the body
From which that (excrement) arose?
59
If I am not attached to what is unclean,
Why do I copulate with the lower parts of otherʹ bodies Which arise from the unclean field (of a womb)
And are produced by the seeds within it?
60
I have no wish for a small dirty maggot

Which has come from a pile of filth,
So why do I desire this body which by nature is grossly unclean, For it too was produced by filth?
61
Not only do I not disparage
The uncleanliness of my own body,
But because of an obsession for what is unclean
I desire other bags of filth as well.
62
Even attractive things such as savoury foods,
Cooked rice and vegetables,
Make the ground dirty and unclean
Should they be spat out after being in the mouth.
63
Although such uncleanliness is obvious,
If I still have doubts I should go to the cemeteries
And look at the unclean bodies (of others)
That have been thrown away there.
64
Having realised that when their skin is rent open
They give rise to a great deal of fear,
How will such things as these
Ever again give rise to joy?
65
The scents with which someoneʹs body is anointed
Are sandalwood and the like, but not that of the otherʹs body.
So why am I attached to othersʹ (bodies)
Because of scents that are other (than theirs)?
66
Since the body has a naturally foul odour,
Isnʹt it good to be unattached to it?
Why do those who crave for the meaningless things of the world Anoint this body with pleasant scents?
67
And furthermore, if it is the pleasant scent of sandalwood,
How can it come from the body?
So why am I attached to othersʹ (bodies)
Because of scents that are other (than theirs)?
68
Since the naked body (left) in its natural state
Is very frightening due to its long hair and nails,
Its yellowish foul‐smelling teeth
And its being coated with the odour of dirt,

69
Why do I make such an effort to polish it
Like (cleaning) a weapon that will cause me harm?
Hence this entire world is disturbed with insanity
Due to the exertions of those who are confused about themselves.
70
When my mind rises (above worldly concerns),
Through having beheld nothing but skeletons in the cemetery,
Will there be any joy in graveyard cities
Which are rilled with moving skeletons?
71
Furthermore, these unclean (female bodies)
Are not found without paying a price:
In order to obtain them I exhaust myself
And (in future) will be injured in the hells.
72
As a child I am unable to increase my wealth,
And as a youth what can I do (being unable to afford a wife)?
At the end of my life when I have the wealth.
Being an old man, what good will sex be then?
73
Some evil and lustful people
Wear themselves out by working all day
And when they return home (in the evening)
Their exhausted bodies lie prostrate like corpses.
74
Some have the suffering of being disturbed with travel.
And having to go a long way from home.
Although they long for their spouses,
They do not see them for years at a time.
75
And some who wish for benefit
Due to confusion, even sell themselves for the sake of (women and the like); But not attaining what they wish,
They are aimlessly driven by the winds of othersʹ actions.
76
Some sell their own bodies
And without any power are employed by others.
Even when their wives give birth
Their children fall at the feet of trees and in lonely places.
77
Some fools who are deceived by desire,
Wishing for a livelihood think, ʺI shall earn my living (as a soldier);ʺ

Then, although afraid of losing their lives, they go to war Others become slaves for the sake of profit.
78
Some lustful people even cut their bodies,
Others impale themselves on the points of sticks,
Some stab themselves with daggers,
And others burn themselves—such things as these are quite apparent.
79
Due to the torment involved in collecting it, protecting and finally losing it,
I should realise wealth to be fraught with infinite problems.
Those who are distracted by their attachment to it
Have no opportunity to gain freedom from the misery of conditioned existence.
80
In the same way as animals drawing carriages
Are only able to eat a few mouthfuls of grass,
Likewise desirous people
Have many disadvantages such as these and little (profit).
81
And since even animals can obtain this (little profit),
Those who are pained by their (previous) actions
Waste these leisures and endowments so difficult to find
For the sake of something trivial that is not so scarce.
82
The objects of desire will certainly perish
And then I shall fall into hellish states.
But Buddhahood itself is attained
With just one million of the difficulty
83
Involved in continually exhausting myself
For the sake of what is not very great.
(Hence) the desirous experience greater misery than (those following) the Awakening way of life—
But (for them) there is no Awakening.
84
When having contemplated the miseries of hell,
(It will be clear that) there is nothing comparable
To the harm caused to desirous beings
By weapons, poison, fire, ravines and foes.
85
Having in this way developed disillusion with desire,
I should generate joy for solitude.
The fortunate ones stroll in peaceful forests,
Devoid of disputes and disturbing conceptions

86
(They live) in joyful houses of vast flat stones,
Cooled by the sandal‐scented moonlight,
Fanned by the peaceful, silent forest breeze,
Thinking of what is of benefit for others.
87
They dwell for as long as they wish
In empty houses, at the feet of trees and in caves,
Having abandoned the pain of clinging to and guarding (possessions), They abide independent, free of care,
88
Living as they choose, desireless,
Having no ties with anyone—
Even the powerful have difficulty finding
A life as happy and content as this.
89
Having in such ways as these
Thought about the excellences of solitude,
I should completely pacify distorted conceptions
And meditate on the Awakening Mind.
90
First of all I should make an effort
To meditate upon the equality between self and others:
I should protect all beings as I do myself
Because we are all equal in (wanting) pleasure and (not wanting) pain.
91
Although there are many different parts and aspects such as the hands;
As a body that is to be protected they are one.
Likewise all the different sentient beings in their pleasure and their pain Have a wish to be happy that is the same as mine.
92
The suffering that I experience
Does not cause any harm to others.
But that suffering (is mine) because of my conceiving of (myself as) ʺIʺ; Thereby it becomes unbearable
93
Likewise the misery of others
Does not befall me.
Nevertheless, by conceiving of (others as) ʺIʺ their suffering becomes mine; Therefore it too should be hard to bear.
94
Hence I should dispel the misery of others
Because it is suffering, just like my own,

And I should benefit others
Because they are sentient beings, just like myself.
95
When both myself and others
Are similar in that we wish to be happy,
What is so special about me?
Why do I strive for my happiness alone?
96
And when both myself and others
Are similar in that we do not wish to suffer,
What is so special about me?
Why do I protect myself and not others?
97
—But why should I protect them
If their suffering does not cause me any harm?—
Then why protect myself against future suffering
If it causes me no harm now?
98
It is a mistaken conception to think ‐
That I shall experience (the sufferingʺ of my next life),
For it is another person who dies
And another that will be reborn.
99
—Surely whenever there is suffering
The (sufferer) must protect himself from it—
But the suffering of the foot is not that of the hand,
Why then does it protect it?
100
—Although this may not be justified,
It is done because of grasping at a self—
But surely whatever is not justified for myself or others
Should at all costs be rejected.
101
Such things as a continuum and an aggregation
Are false in the same way as a rosary and an army,
There is no (real) owner of suffering,
Therefore who has control over it?
102
Being no (inherent) owner of suffering,
There can be no distinction at all between (that of myself and others). Thus I shall dispel it because it hurts:
Why am I so certain (that I shouldnʹt eliminate the suffering of others)? 103

—But, (since neither the suffering nor the sufferer truly exist,) why should I turn away the misery of all?—
This is no ground for argument,
For if I prevent my own (sufferings), surely I should prevent the (sufferings) of all. If not, since I am just like (other) sentient beings,
(I should not prevent my own suffering either).
104
—But since this compassion will bring me much misery, Why should I exert myself to develop it?—
Should I contemplate the suffering of living creatures, How could the misery of compassion be more?
105
If by one personʹ suffering
The suffering of many would be destroyed,
Surely kind‐hearted people would accept it
For the sake of themselves and others?
106
Thus the Bodhisattva Supusha‐chandra,
Although aware of the harm the king would cause him, Accepted his own suffering
In order to eradicate the miseries of many.
107
Thus, because he loves to pacify the pains of others,
He whose mind is attuned in this way
Would enter even the deepest hell
Just as a wild goose plunges into a lotus pool.
108
Will not the ocean of joy
That shall exist when all beings are free
Be sufficient for me?
What am I doing wishing for my liberation alone?
109
Therefore, although working for the benefit of others,
I should not be conceited or (consider myself) wonderful. And because of the joy there is in solely doing this,
I should have no hope for any ripening‐effect.
110
Therefore just as I protect myself
From unpleasant things however small,
In the same way I should act towards others
With a compassionate and caring mind.
111
Although the basis is quite impersonal,

Through (constant) familiarity
I have come to regard ‐
The drops of sperm and blood of others as ʺI.ʺ
112
So in the same way, why should I be unable
To regard the bodies of others as ʺIʺ?
Hence it is not difficult to see
That my body is also that of others.
113
Having seen the mistakes in (cherishing) myself
And the ocean of good in (cherishing) others,
I shall completely reject all selfishness
And accustom myself to accepting others.
114
In the same way as the hands and so forth
Are regarded as limbs of the body,
Likewise why are embodied creatures
Not regarded as limbs of life?
115
Through acquaintance has the thought of ʺIʺ arisen
Towards this impersonal body;
So in a similar way, why should it not arise
Towards other living beings?
116
When I work in this way for the sake of others,
I should not let conceit or (the feeling that I am) wonderful arise. It is just like feeding myself—
I hope for nothing in return.
117
Therefore, just as I protect myself
From unpleasant things however slight,
In the same way I should habituate myself
To have a compassionate and caring mind for others.
118
It is out of his great compassion
That the Lord Avalokiteshvara has (even) blessed his name
To dispel the nervousness
Of being among other people.
119
I should not turn away from what is difficult;
For by the power of familiarity
I may be made unhappy even when someone
Whose name once frightened me is not around.

120
Thus whoever wishes to quickly afford protection
To both himself and other beings
Should practise that holy secret:
The exchanging of self for others.
121
Because of attachment to my body,
Even a small object of fear frightens me.
So who would not revile as an enemy
This body that gives rise to fear?
122
By wishing for a means to remedy
The hunger, thirst and sickness of the body,
I might kill birds, fish and deer
And loiter by the sides of roads (to rob others).
123
If for the sake of its profit and comfort
I would kill even my father and mother
And steel the property of the Triple Gem,
Then I would undoubtedly proceed to burn in the flames of the deepest hell.
124
Therefore what wise man would desire,
Protect and venerate this body?
Who would not scorn it
And regard it as an enemy?
125
ʺIf I give this, what shall I (have left to) enjoy?ʺ—
Such selfish thinking is the way of ghosts;
ʺIf I enjoy this, what shall I (have left to) give?ʺ—
Such selfless thinking is a quality of the gods.
126
If, for my own sake, I cause harm to others,
I shall be tormented in hellish realms;
But if for the sake of others I cause harm to myself,
I shall acquire all that is magnificent.
127
By holding myself in high esteem
I shall find myself in unpleasant realms, ugly and stupid; But should this (attitude) be shifted to others
I shall acquire honours in a joyful realm.
128
If I employ others for my own purposes

I myself shall experience servitude,
But if I use myself for the sake of others
I shall experience only lordliness.
129
Whatever joy there is in this world
All comes from desiring others to be happy,
And whatever suffering there is in this world
All comes from desiring myself to be happy.
130
But what need is there to say much more?
The childish work for their own benefit,
The Buddhas work for the benefit of others.
Just look at the difference between them!
131
If I do not actually exchange my happiness
For the, sufferings of others,
I shall not attain the state of Buddhahood
And even in cyclic existence shall have no joy.
132
Let alone what is beyond this world—
Because of my servants doing no work
And because of my masters giving me no pay,
Even the needs of this life will not be fulfilled.
133
(By rejecting the method that) establishes both foreseeable and unforeseeable joy, I cast magnificent delight completely aside
And then, because of inflicting misery on others,
In confusion I seize hold of unbearable pain.
134
If all the injury,
Fear and pain in this world
Arise from grasping at a self,
Then what use is that great ghost to me?
135
If I do not completely forsake it
I shall be unable to put an end to suffering,
Just as I cannot avoid being burnt
If I do not cast aside the fire (I hold).
136
Therefore, in order to allay the harms inflicted upon me
And in order to pacify the sufferings of others,
I shall give myself up to others
And cherish them as I do my very self.

137
ʺI am under the control of others,ʺ
Of this, mind, you must be certain;
Now, except for benefitting every creature,
You must not think of anything else.
138
For my own sake, I should not do anything
With these eyes and so forth that I have left at the disposal of others.
It is quite incorrect to do anything with them
Which is contrary to the benefit (of others).
139
Thus sentient beings should be my main (concern).
Whatever I behold upon my body
I should rob and use
For the benefit of others.
140
Considering lesser beings and so forth as myself,
And considering myself as the other,
(In the following way) I should meditate upon envy, competitiveness and self importance.
With a mind free of distorted concepts:
141
ʺHe is honoured, but I am not;
I have not found wealth such as he.
He is praised, but I am despised;
He is happy, but I suffer.
142
ʺI have to do all the work
While he remains comfortably at rest.
He is renowned as great in this world, but I as inferior
With no good qualities at all.
143
ʺBut what do you mean I have no good qualities?—
I have all good qualities:
Compared to many he is inferior,
And compared to many I am high.
144
ʺThe deteriorated state of my morals and views
Is not due to me but due to my disturbing conceptions;
In whatever way he is able he should heal me,
Willingly I shall accept any discomfort involved.
145
ʺBut I am not being healed by him,

So why does he belittle me?
What use are his good qualities to me?
(Although) he has good qualities, (he does not benefit me).
146
ʺWith no compassion for the beings
Who dwell in the poisonous mouth of evil realms,
Externally he is proud of his good qualities
And wishes to put down the wise.
147
ʺIn order that I may excel
He who is regarded as equal with me,
I shall definitely strive to attain material gain and honour myself, Even (by such means as) verbal dispute.
148
ʺBy all means I shall make clear to the entire world
All the good qualities I have,
But I shall not let anyone hear
Of any good qualities he may have.
149
ʺAlso I shall hide all my faults,
I will be venerated, but not he;
I will find a great deal of material gain;
I will be honoured, but he shall not.
150
ʺFor a long time I shall look with pleasure
At his being made inferior,
He will become the laughing stock of all,
Regarded among everyone as an object of scorn and derision. 151
ʺIt is said that this deluded one
Is trying to compete with me,
But how can he be equal with me
In learning, intelligence, form, class or wealth?
152
ʺThus, upon hearing of my good qualities
That have been made well‐known to all,
I shall thoroughly enjoy the satisfaction
Of the pleasant tingling‐sensation that occurs.
153
ʺEven though he has some possessions,
If he is working for me,
I shall give him just enough to live on
And by force Iʹll take (the rest).

154
ʺHis happiness and comfort will decline
And I shall always cause him harm,
For hundreds of times in this cycle of rebirth
He has caused harm to me.ʺ
155
Because of desiring to benefit yourself, O mind,
All the weariness you have gone through
Over countless past aeons
Has only succeeded in achieving misery.
156
Therefore I shall definitely engage myself
In working for the benefit of others:
For since the words of the Mighty One are infallible,
I shall behold its advantages in the future.
157
If in the past I had practised
This act (of exchanging self for others),
A situation such as this, devoid of the magnificence and bliss of a Buddha, Could not possibly have come about.
158
Therefore, just as I have come to hold as ʺIʺ
These drops of sperm and blood of others,
Likewise through acquaintance
I should also come to regard all others.
159
Having thoroughly examined myself (to see
Whether I am really working for) others (or not),
I shall steal whatever appears on my body
and use it for the benefit of others.
160
ʺI am happy but others are sad,
I am high though others are low.
I benefit myself but not othersʺ
Why am I not envious of myself?
161
I must separate myself from happiness
And take upon myself the sufferings of others.
ʺWhy am I doing this now?ʺ
In this way I should examine myself for faults.
162
Although others may do something wrong,
I should transform it into a fault of my own;

But should I do something even slightly wrong, I shall openly admit it to many people.
163
By further describing the renown of others,
I should make it outshine my own.
Just like the lowest kind of servant,
I should employ myself for the benefit of all.
164
I should not praise my naturally fault‐ridden self
For some temporary good quality it may have,
I shall never let even a few people know
Of any good qualities I may possess.
165
In brief, for the sake of living creatures,
May all the harms
I have selfishly caused to others
Descend upon me myself.
166
I should not be dominating and aggressive,
Acting in a self‐righteous, arrogant way;
Instead, like a newly married bride,
I should be bashful, timid and restrained.
167
Thus, O mind, you should (think) and abide in this way
And not act (selfishly) as (before).
If, under the control (of self‐cherishing), you transgress (this code),
Your (selfishness) will be your end.
168
However, mind, although you have been advised,
If you do not act in a like manner,
Then since all misfortunes will entrust themselves to you,
You will only be destined to destruction.
169
That previous time when you could overcome me
Is now past;
Now I see (your nature and your faults)
And wherever you go I shall destroy your arrogance.
170
I should immediately cast aside all thoughts
To work for my own sake.
By having sold you to others,
I shall not become discouraged, but shall‐offer up all your strength (to others). 171

If, having become unconscientious,
I do not give you to all living beings,
It is certain that you will deliver me
To the guardians of the hells.
172
For ages have you dealt with me like this
And I have suffered long;
But now, recalling all my grudges,
I shall overcome your selfish thoughts.
173
Likewise if I wish to be happy
I should not be happy with myself,
And similarly if I wish to be protected
I should constantly protect all others.
174
To whatever degree
I take great care of this body,
To that degree I shall fall
Into a state of extreme helplessness.
175
Having fallen in this way, if my desires
Are unable to be fulfilled
Even by everything upon this earth,
What else will be able to satisfy them?
176
(Being) unable (to fulfil them, though) desiring (to do so), Disturbing conceptions and a dissatisfied mind will ensue.
But if I do not depend on any (material) things,
The exhaustion of my good fortune will be unknown.
177
Therefore, I shall never create an opportunity
For the desires of the body to increase.
For whatever I do not grasp as attractive.
These are the best of all possessions.
178
In the end (my body) will turn to dust,
Unable to move (by itself), it will be propelled by other (forces). Why do I grasp this unbearable
And unclean form as ʺIʺ?
179
Whether it lives or whether it dies,
What use is this machine to me?
How is it different from a clod of earth?

O why do I not dispel this pride (of it being ʺIʺ and ʺmineʺ)! 180
Having accumulated suffering for no purpose
Because of my honouring and serving this body,
What use is attachment and anger
For this thing that is similar to a piece of wood?
181
Whether I am caring for my body in this way,
Or whether it is being eaten by vultures,
It has no attachment or hatred towards these things‐
Why then am I so attached to it?
182
If (my body) knows no anger when derided
And no pleasure when praised,
For what reason
Am I wearing myself out like this?
183
—But I want this body of mine,
Both it and I are‐ friends—
But since all beings want their bodies,
Why do I not find joy in theirs?
184
Therefore, in order to benefit all beings
I shall give up this body without an attachment,
But although it may have many faults
I should look after it while experiencing (the results of my previous) actions. 185
So enough of this childish behaviour!
I shall follow in the steps of the wise,
And having recalled the advice concerning conscientiousness,
I shall turn away sleep and mental dullness.
186
Just like the compassionate Sons of the Conqueror,
I shall patiently accept what I have to do;
For if I do not make a constant effort day and night,
When will my misery ever come to an end?
187
Therefore, in order to dispel the obscurations
I shall withdraw my mind from mistaken ways
And constantly place it in equipoise
Upon the perfect object.
1.
To those who go in bliss,25 the dharmakāya26 they possess, and all their heirs,27 To all those worthy of respect, I reverently bow.
According to the scriptures, I shall now in brief describe
The practice of the Bodhisattva discipline.
2.
Here I shall say nothing that has not been said before,
And in the art of prosody I have no skill.
I therefore have no thought that this might be of benefit to others; I wrote it only to habituate my mind.
3.
My faith will thus be strengthened for a little while, That I might grow accustomed to this virtuous way. But others who now chance upon my words
May profit also, equal to myself in fortune.
4.
So hard to find the ease and wealth28 Whereby the aims of beings may be gained. If now I fail to turn it to my profit,
How could such a chance be mine again?
5.
Just as on a dark night black with clouds,
The sudden lightning glares and all is clearly shown, Likewise rarely, through the Buddhas’ power,
Virtuous thoughts rise, brief and transient, in the world.
6.
Virtue, thus, is weak; and always
Evil is of great and overwhelming strength. Except for perfect bodhichitta,
What other virtue is there that can lay it low.

7.
For many aeons deeply pondering, The mighty Sages29 saw its benefits, Whereby unnumbered multitudes
Are brought with ease to supreme joy.
8.
Those who wish to crush the many sorrows of existence, Who wish to quell the pain of living beings,
Who wish to have experience of a myriad joys
Should never turn away from bodhichitta.
9.
Should bodhichitta come to birth
In those who suffer, chained in prisons of saṃsāra,
In that instant they are called the children of the Blissful One, Revered by all the world, by gods and humankind.
10.
For like the supreme substance of the alchemists, It takes our impure flesh and makes of it
The body of a Buddha, jewel beyond all price. Such is bodhichitta. Let us grasp it firmly!
11.
Since the boundless wisdom of the only guide of beings Perfectly examined and perceived its priceless worth, Those who wish to leave this state of wandering
Should hold well to this precious bodhichitta.
12.
All other virtues, like the plantain tree, Produce their fruit, but then their force is spent. Alone the marvelous tree of bodhichitta Constantly bears fruit and grows unceasingly.
13.
As though they pass through perils guarded by a hero, Even those weighed down with dreadful wickedness Will instantly be freed through having bodhichitta.
Why do those who fear their sins not have recourse to it?
14.
Just as by the fire that will destroy the world,
Great sins are surely and at once consumed by it.
Its benefits are thus unbounded
As the Wise and Loving Lord30 explained to Sudhana.
15.
Bodhichitta, the awakened mind,
Is known in brief to have two aspects:

First, aspiring, bodhichitta in intention;
Then active bodhichitta, practical engagement.
16.
As corresponding to the wish to go
And then to setting out,
The wise should understand respectively The difference that divides these two.
17.
From bodhichitta in intention
Great results arise for those still turning in the wheel of life; Yet merit does not rise from it in ceaseless streams
As is the case with active bodhichitta.
18.
For when, with irreversible intent,
The mind embraces bodhichitta,
Willing to set free the endless multitudes of beings, In that instant, from that moment on,
19.
A great and unremitting stream,
A strength of wholesome merit,
Even during sleep and inattention, Rises equal to the vastness of the sky.
20.
This the Tathāgata,31
In the sūtra Subāhu requested,32 Said with reasoned argument
For those inclined to lesser paths.
21.
If with kindly generosity
One merely has the wish to soothe The aching heads of other beings, Such merit knows no bounds.
22.
No need to speak, then, of the wish To drive away the endless pain
Of each and every living being, Bringing them unbounded excellence.
23.
Could our father or our mother
Ever have so generous a wish?
Do the very gods, the ṛiṣhis,33 even Brahmā34 Harbor such benevolence as this?

24.
For in the past they never,
Even in their dreams,
Wished something like this even for themselves. How could they do so for another’s sake?
25.
This aim to bring the benefit of beings,
A benefit that others wish not even for themselves, This noble, jewellike state of mind
Arises truly wondrous, never seen before.
26.
This pain-dispelling draft,
This cause of joy for those who wander through the world,35 This precious attitude, this jewel of mind—
How shall we calculate its merit?
27.
If the simple thought to be of help to others Exceeds in worth the worship of the Buddhas, What need is there to speak of actual deeds
That bring about the weal and benefit of beings?
28.
For beings long to free themselves from misery, But misery itself they follow and pursue.
They long for joy, but in their ignorance Destroy it, as they would their foe.
29.
But those who fill with bliss
All beings destitute of joy,
Who cut all pain and suffering away From those weighed down with misery,
30.
Who drive away the darkness of their ignorance— What virtue could be matched with theirs?
What friend could be compared to them?
What merit is there similar to this?
31.
If someone who returns a favor
Is deserving of some praise,
Why need we speak of Bodhisattvas, Those who do good even unsolicited?
32.
People praise as virtuous donors Those who with contempt support

A few with plain and ordinary food:
A moment’s gift that feeds for only half a day.
33.
What need is there to speak of those
Who long bestow on countless multitudes The peerless joy of blissful Buddhahood, The ultimate fulfillment of their hopes?
34.
All those who harbor evil in their minds
Against such lords of generosity, the Buddha’s heirs, Will stay in hell, the mighty Sage has said,
For ages equal to the moments of their malice.
35.
But joyous and devoted thoughts
Will yield abundant fruits in greater strength.
Even in great trouble, Bodhisattvas
Never bring forth wrong; their virtues naturally increase.
36.
To them in whom this precious jewel of mind Is born—to them I bow!
I go for refuge to those springs of happiness Who bring their very enemies to perfect bliss.

2. Confession
 1.
To the Buddhas, those thus gone,
And to the sacred Dharma, spotless and supremely rare,
And to the Buddha’s offspring, oceans of good qualities,
That I might gain this precious attitude, I make a perfect offering.36
2.
I offer every fruit and flower,
Every kind of healing draft,
And all the precious gems the world contains, With all pure waters of refreshment;
3.
Every mountain wrought of precious jewels, All sweet and lonely forest groves,
The trees of paradise adorned with blossom, Trees with branches bowed with perfect fruit;
4.
The perfumed fragrance of divine and other realms, All incense, wishing trees, and trees of gems,
All crops that grow without the tiller’s care,
And every sumptuous object worthy to be offered;
5.
Lakes and meres adorned with lotuses,
Delightful with the sweet-voiced cries of waterbirds, And everything unclaimed and free
Extending to the margins of the boundless sky.
6.
I hold them all before my mind, and to the mighty Sage, the greatest of our kind, And to his heirs, I make a perfect offering.
Sublime recipients, compassionate lords,
O think of me with love; accept these gifts of mine!
7.
For, destitute of merit, I am very poor;
I have no other wealth. And so, protectors,
You whose wise intentions are for others’ good, In your great power, receive them for my sake.
8.
Enlightened ones and all your Bodhisattva heirs, I offer you my body throughout all my lives. Supreme courageous ones accept me totally.
For with devotion I will be your slave.

9.
For if you will accept me, I will be
Undaunted by saṃsāra and will act for beings’ sake. I’ll leave behind the evils of my past,
And ever after turn my face from them.
10.
A bathing chamber excellently fragrant,
With even floors of crystal, radiant and clear,
And graceful pillars shimmering with gems,
All hung about with gleaming canopies of pearls—
11.
There the blissful Buddhas and their heirs I’ll bathe with many a precious vase, Abrim with water fragrant and delightful, All to frequent strains of melody and song.
12.
With cloths of unexampled quality,
With spotless, perfumed towels I will dry them, And offer splendid scented clothes,
Well-dyed and of surpassing excellence.
13.
With different garments, light and supple, And a hundred beautiful adornments,
I will grace sublime Samantabhadra,37 Mañjughoṣha, Lokeshvara, and their kin.
14.
And with a sumptuous fragrance which
Pervades a thousand million worlds,
I will anoint the bodies of the mighty Sages,
Gleaming bright like burnished gold refined and cleansed.
15.
I place before the mighty Sages, perfect objects of my worship, Glorious flowers like lotus and mandāravā,
The utpala, and other fragrant blossoms,
Worked and twined in lovely scented garlands.
16.
I will offer swelling clouds of frankincense, Whose ambient perfume ravishes the mind, And various foods and every kind of drink, All delicacies worthy of the gods.
17.
I will offer precious lamps
Arranged in rows on lotuses of gold,

A carpet of sweet flowers scattering Upon the level, incense-sprinkled ground.
18.
To those whose very nature is compassion
I will give vast palaces, resounding with fair praise,
All decked with precious pearls and beauteous pendant gems, Gleaming jewels that deck the amplitude of space.
19.
Fair and precious parasols adorned with golden shafts, All bordered round with hems of precious jewels, Upright, well-proportioned, pleasing to the eye, Again, all this I give to all the Buddhas.
20.
May a host of other offerings,
And clouds of ravishing sweet melody That solaces the pain of living beings Arise and constantly abide.
21.
May rains of flowers and every precious gem Fall down in an unceasing stream
Upon the Jewels of Sacred Dharma,38
Images and all supports for offering.
22.
Just as Mañjughoṣha and the like
Made offering to all the Conquerors,
I do likewise to all the Buddhas our protectors, And to all their Bodhisattva children.
23.
To these vast oceans of good qualities
I offer praise, a sea of airs and harmonies. May clouds of tuneful eulogy
Ascend unceasingly before them.
24.
To Buddhas of the past, the present, and all future time, And to the Dharma and Sublime Assembly,
With bodies many as the grains of dust
Upon the earth, I will prostrate and bow.39
25.
To shrines and all supports
Of bodhichitta I bow down;
To abbots who transmit the vows, to every learned master, And to all sublime practitioners of Dharma.

26.
Until the essence of enlightenment is reached, I go for refuge to the Buddhas.
Also I take refuge in the Dharma
And in all the host of Bodhisattvas.
27.
To perfect Buddhas and to Bodhisattvas,
In all directions where they may reside,
To them who are the sovereigns of great mercy, I press my palms together, praying thus:
28.
“In this and all my other lives,
While turning in the round without beginning, Blindly I have brought forth evil,
And incited others to commit the same.
29.
“Deceived and overmastered by my ignorance, I have taken pleasure in such sin,40
And seeing now the blame of it,
O great protectors, I confess it earnestly!
30.
“Whatever I have done against the Triple Gem, Against my parents, teachers, and the rest, Through force of my defilements,
In my body, speech, and mind,
31.
“All the evil I, a sinner, have committed,
All the wicked deeds that cling to me,
The frightful things that I contrived
I openly declare to you, the teachers of the world.
32.
“It may be that my death will come to me Before my evil has been cleansed.
How then can I be freed from it?
I pray you, quickly grant me your protection!”
33.
We cannot trust the wanton Lord of Death.
The task complete or still to do, he will not wait.
In health or sickness, therefore, none of us can trust Our fleeting, momentary lives.
34.
And we must pass away, forsaking all. But I, devoid of understanding,

Have, for sake of friend and foe alike, Provoked and brought about so many wrongs.
35.
But all my foes will cease to be,
And all my friends will cease to be,
And I will also cease to be,
And likewise everything will cease to be.
36.
All that I possess and use
Is like the fleeting vision of a dream. It fades into the realms of memory, And fading, will be seen no more.
37.
And even in the brief course of this present life, So many friends and foes have passed away, Because of whom, the evils I have done
Still lie, unbearable, before me.
38.
The thought came never to my mind
That I too am a brief and passing thing. And so, through hatred, lust, and ignorance, I have committed many sins.
39.
Never halting night or day,
My life drains constantly away,
And from no other source does increase come. How can there not be death for such as me?
40.
There I’ll be, prostrate upon my bed, And all around, my family and friends. But I alone shall be the one to feel
The cutting of the thread of life.
41.
And when the heralds of the Deadly King41 have gripped me, What help to me will be my friends and kin?
For then life’s virtue is my one defense,
And this, alas, is what I shrugged away.
42.
O protectors! I, so little heeding,
Hardly guessed at horror such as this— And all for this brief, transient existence, I have done so many evil things.

43.
The day they take him to the scaffold,
Where they will tear off his limbs,
A man is changed, transfigured by his fear: His mouth is dry, his eyes start from his brow.
44.
No need to say how stricken I shall be When overcome and sick with dreadful fear, I’m seized by forms so horrible to see,
The frightful servants of the Lord of Death.
45.
Who can give me safe protection
From this horror, from this frightful dread? And then I’ll search the four directions, Seeking help, with panic-stricken eyes.
46.
But in those four directions no protection shall I find. And I shall sink into despairing woe.
No refuge will there be for me;
At such a time, what shall I do?
47.
Thus, from this day forward I take refuge In the Buddhas, guardians of beings,
Who labor to protect all wanderers,
Those mighty ones who scatter every fear.
48.
And in the Dharma they have realized in their hearts, Which drives away the terrors of saṃsāra,
And in all the host of Bodhisattvas
Likewise I will perfectly take refuge.
49.
Gripped by dread, beside myself with anguish, To Samantabhadra I will give myself;
My body I myself will give
To Mañjughoṣha, gentle and melodious.
50.
To him whose deeds of mercy never fail, My lord Avalokita,
I cry out from depths of misery,
“Protect me now an evildoer!”
51.
Now to the noble one, Ākāshagarbha,
And to Kṣhitigarbha, from my heart I call.42

To all protectors, great, compassionate, I cry to them in search of refuge.
52.
To Vajrapaṇi I shall fly,
For at the sight of him
All vengeful things like Yama’s host Escape in terror to the four directions.
53.
Formerly your words I have transgressed, But having seen these terrors all around, I come to you for refuge praying:
Swiftly drive away my fear!
54.
For if, alarmed by common ailments,
I must implement the doctor’s words,
What need to speak of when I’m constantly brought low By ills like lust and faults a hundredfold?
55.
And if, by one of these alone,
The dwellers in the world are all thrown down, And if no other remedy exists,
No other healing elsewhere to be found
56.
Than words of the all-knowing doctor, Which uproot our every ill,
The thought to turn on him deaf ears Is abject and contemptible stupidity.
57.
Along a small and ordinary cliff
If I must pick my way with special care,
What need to speak of that long-lasting chasm Plunging to the depths a thousand leagues?
58.
“Today, at least, I shall not die.”
So rash to lull myself with words like these! My dissolution and my hour of death
Will come to me, of this there is no doubt.
59.
Who can give me fearlessness,
What sure escape is there from this? It’s certain that I’m going to die,
So how can I relax, my mind at ease?

60.
Of life’s experience, all seasons past, What’s left to me, what now remains? By clinging to what now is here no more, My teacher’s precepts I have disobeyed.
61.
And when this life is left behind,
And with it all my kith and kin,
I must set out on strange paths all alone:
Why make so much of all my friends and foes?43
62.
How instead can I make sure
To rid myself of evil, only cause of sorrow? This should be my one concern,
My only thought both night and day.
63.
The wrongs that I have done Through ignorant stupidity:
All actions evil by their nature44 And transgressions of the precepts,
64.
Fearing all the pains to come
I join my palms and ceaselessly prostrate, And everything I will confess
Directly in the sight of my protectors.
65.
I pray you, guides and guardians of the world, To take me as I am, a sinful man.
And all these actions, evil as they are,
I promise I will never do again.

3. Taking Hold of Bodhichitta
 1.
With joy I celebrate the virtue that relieves all beings From the sorrows of the states of loss,45
Exulting in the happy states enjoyed
By those who yet are suffering.46
2.
I revel in the stores of virtue,
Cause of gaining the enlightened state, And celebrate the freedom won
By living beings from the round of pain.
3.
And in the Buddhahood of the protectors I delight
And in the grounds of realization47 of the Buddhas’ heirs.
4.
Their enlightened attitude, an ocean of great good, That seeks to place all beings in the state of bliss, And every action for the benefit of beings:
Such is my delight and joy.
5.
And so I join my hands and pray
The Buddhas who reside in every quarter:
Kindle now the Dharma’s light
For those who grope, bewildered, in the dark of pain!
6.
I join my hands beseeching the enlightened ones Who wish to pass into nirvāṇa:
Do not leave us wandering in blindness,
Stay among us for unnumbered ages!
7.
Through these actions now performed48 And all the virtues I have gained,
May all the pain of every living being Be wholly scattered and destroyed!
8.
For all those ailing in the world,
Until their every sickness has been healed, May I myself become for them
The doctor, nurse, the medicine itself.

9.
Raining down a flood of food and drink,
May I dispel the ills of thirst and famine.
And in the aeons marked by scarcity and want,49 May I myself appear as drink and sustenance.
10.
For sentient beings, poor and destitute, May I become a treasure ever-plentiful, And lie before them closely in their reach, A varied source of all that they might need.
11.
My body, thus, and all my goods besides, And all my merits gained and to be gained, I give them all and do not count the cost, To bring about the benefit of beings.
12.
Nirvāṇa is attained by giving all,
Nirvāṇa is the object of my striving;
And all must be surrendered in a single instant, Therefore it is best to give it all to others.
13.
This body I have now resigned
To serve the pleasure of all living beings. Let them ever kill, despise, and beat it, Using it according to their wish.
14.
And though they treat it like a toy,
Or make of it the butt of every mockery, My body has been given up to them. Why should I make so much of it?
15.
And so let beings do to me
Whatever does not bring them injury. Whenever they may think of me,
Let this not fail to bring them benefit.
16.
And if in my regard they have
A thought of anger or respect,
May these states always be the cause Whereby their good and wishes are fulfilled.
17.
All those who slight me to my face Or do to me some other evil,

Even if they blame or slander me,
May they attain the fortune of enlightenment!
18.
May I be a guard for those who are protectorless, A guide for those who journey on the road.
For those who wish to cross the water,
May I be a boat, a raft, a bridge.
19.
May I be an isle for those who yearn for land,
A lamp for those who long for light;
For all who need a resting place, a bed;
For those who need a servant, may I be their slave.
20.
May I be the wishing jewel, the vase of wealth, A word of power and the supreme healing, May I be the tree of miracles,
For every being the abundant cow.
21.
Just like the earth and space itself
And all the other mighty elements,
For boundless multitudes of beings
May I always be the ground of life, the source of varied sustenance.
22.
Thus for everything that lives,
As far as are the limits of the sky,
May I be constantly their source of livelihood Until they pass beyond all sorrow.
23.
Just as all the Buddhas of the past
Have brought forth the awakened mind, And in the precepts of the Bodhisattvas Step-by-step abode and trained,
24.
Likewise, for the benefit of beings,
I will bring to birth the awakened mind, And in those precepts, step-by-step,
I will abide and train myself.
25.
Those who thus with clear intelligence
Take hold of the awakened mind with bright and lucid joy, That they may now increase what they have gained, Should lift their hearts with praises such as these:

26.
“Today my life has given fruit.
This human state has now been well assumed. Today I take my birth in Buddha’s line,
And have become the Buddha’s child and heir.
27.
“In every way, then, I will undertake Activities befitting such a rank.
And I will do no act to mar
Or compromise this high and faultless lineage.
28.
“For I am like a blind man who has found A precious gem inside a heap of dust.
For so it is, by some strange chance,
That bodhichitta has been born in me.
29.
“This is the supreme draft of immortality
That slays the Lord of Death, the slaughterer of beings, The rich unfailing treasure-mine
To heal the poverty of wanderers.
30.
“It is the sovereign remedy
That perfectly allays all maladies.
It is the tree that gives relief
To those who wander wearily the pathways of existence.
31.
“It is the universal bridge that saves
All wandering beings from the states of loss, The rising moon of the enlightened mind
That soothes the sorrows born of the afflictions.
32.
“It is the mighty sun that utterly dispels The misty ignorance of wandering beings, The creamy butter, rich and full,
That’s churned from milk of holy teaching.
33.
“Living beings! Wayfarers upon life’s paths, Who wish to taste the riches of contentment, Here before you is the supreme bliss.
Here, O ceaseless travelers, is your fulfillment!
34.
“And so, today, within the sight of all protectors, I summon beings, calling them to Buddhahood.

And, till that state is reached, to every earthly joy! May gods and demigods and all the rest rejoice!”

4. Carefulness
 1.
The children of the Conqueror who thus Have firmly grasped this bodhichitta, Should never turn aside from it,
Strive never to transgress its disciplines.
2.
Whatever was begun without due heed,
And all that was not properly conceived, Although a promise and a pledge were given, It is right to reconsider: Shall I act or not?
3.
Yet what the Buddhas and their heirs Have scrutinized in their great wisdom, I myself have probed and scrutinized. Why should I now procrastinate?
4.
For if I bind myself with promises
But fail to carry out my words in deed, Then every being will have been betrayed. What destiny must lie in store for me?
5.
If in the teachings it is said
That those who in their thoughts intend
To give a small and paltry thing but then draw back Will take rebirth as hungry spirits,
6.
How can I expect a happy destiny
If from my heart I summon Wandering beings to the highest bliss, But then deceive and fail them?
7.
As for those who, losing bodhichitta, Lead others nonetheless to liberation, Karmic law is inconceivable
And only understood by the Omniscient.50
8.
This failure, for the Bodhisattva,
Is the gravest of all downfalls.
For should it ever come to pass,
The good of every being is thrown down.

9.
And anyone who, for a single instant,
Halts the merit of a Bodhisattva
Wanders endlessly in evil states,
Because the welfare of all beings is reduced.
10.
Destroy a single being’s joy
And you will work the ruin of yourself. No need to speak of bringing low
The joy of beings infinite as space itself!
11.
And those who circle in saṃsāra,
Mixing powerful downfalls
With the power of bodhichitta back and forth,
Will long be hindered from the Bodhisattva grounds.
12.
And so, according to my promise,
I will act attentively.
From this day forth, if I now fail to strive, I’ll fall from low to even lower states.
13.
Striving for the benefit of all that lives,
Unnumbered Buddhas have already lived and passed away. But I, by virtue of my sins, have failed
To come within the compass of their healing works.51
14.
And this will always be my lot
If I continue to behave like this,
And I will suffer pains and bondage, Wounds and laceration in the lower realms.
15.
The appearance of the Buddhas in the world, True faith and the attainment of a human form, An aptitude for good: all these are rare.
When will they come to me again?
16.
Today, indeed, I’m hale and well,
I have enough to eat and I am not in danger. But this life is fleeting, unreliable,
My body is like something briefly lent.
17.
And yet the way I act is such
That I shall not regain a human life!

And losing this, my precious human form, My evils will be many, virtues none.52
18.
Here is now my chance for wholesome deeds, But if I fail to practice virtue,
What will be my lot, what shall I do, Bewildered by the sorrows of the lower realms?
19.
Never, there, performing any virtue, Only ever piling up my sins,
And for a hundred million ages,
I’ll not even hear of happy destinies.53
20.
This is why Lord Buddha has declared
That like a turtle that perchance can place
Its head within a yoke adrift upon the mighty sea This human birth is difficult to find!
21.
If through the evil action of a single instant
I must spend an aeon in the hell of Unrelenting Pain,
The evils in saṃsāra stored from time without beginning— No need to say that they will keep me from the states of bliss!
22.
And mere experience of such pain
Does not result in being freed from it.
For in the very suffering of such states,
More evil will occur, and then in great abundance.
23.
Thus, having found this moment of reprieve, If I now fail to train myself in virtue,
What greater folly could there ever be?
How more could I betray myself?
24.
If having understood all this,
I’m stupidly despondent still, Then at the moment of my death, My sorrows will be black indeed.
25.
And when my body burns so long
In fires of hell so unendurable,
My mind, there is no doubt, will also be tormented, Burned in fires of unendurable regret.

26.
For it’s as if by chance that I have gained
This state so hard to find, wherein to help myself. If now, while having such discernment,
I am once again consigned to hell,
27.
I am as if benumbed by sorcery,
As if reduced to total mindlessness. I do not know what dulls my wits. O what is it that has me in its grip?
28.
Anger, lust, these enemies of mine,
Are limbless and devoid of faculties.
They have no bravery, no cleverness;
How then have they reduced me to such slavery?
29.
They dwell within my mind
And at their pleasure injure me.
All this I suffer meekly, unresenting— Thus my abject patience, all displaced!
30.
If all the gods and demigods besides Together came against me as my foes,
They would be powerless to throw me down To fires of hell of Unrelenting Pain.
31.
And yet the mighty fiend of my afflictions Flings me in an instant headlong down
To where the mighty lord of mountains54 Would be burned, its very ashes all consumed.
32.
O my enemy, afflictive passion, Endless and beginningless companion! No other enemy indeed
Is able to endure so long!
33.
All other foes that I appease and wait upon
Will show me favors, give me every aid,
But should I serve my dark defiled emotions, They will only harm me, draw me down to grief.
34.
If thus my ancient and unceasing foes, The wellspring only of my growing pain,

Can lodge so safe within my heart,
How can I live so blithe and fearless in this wheel of life?
35.
And if the jail guards of the prisons of saṃsāra, The butchers and tormentors of infernal realms, All lurk within me in the web of craving,
What joy can ever be my destiny?
36.
I will not leave the fight until, before my eyes, These enemies of mine are all destroyed.
For if, aroused to fury by the merest slight, Incapable of sleep until the scores are settled,
37.
Proud but wretched rivals, destined all to suffer when they die, Will draw the battle lines and do their best to win,
And careless of the pain of cut and thrust,
Will stand their ground refusing to give way,
38.
No need to say that I will not lose heart, Regardless of the hardships of the fray.
From this day forth I’ll strive to crush
These foes whose very nature is to bring me pain.
39.
The wounds inflicted by the enemy in futile wars Are flaunted by the soldier as a prize.
So in the high endeavor, for so great a thing, Why should I be dismayed by hurt or injury?
40.
When fishers, butchers, farmers, and the like,
Intending just to gain their livelihood,
Will suffer all the miseries of heat and cold,
Why, for beings’ happiness, should those like me not bear the same?
41.
When I pledged myself to free from their afflictions Beings who abide in every region,
Stretching to the limits of the sky,
I was myself not free from such defilements.
42.
To speak like that, not knowing my capacity, Were these not, truly, but a madman’s words? More reason then for never drawing back Abandoning the fight against defiled affliction.55

43.
This shall be my all-consuming passion. Filled with rancor I will wage my war! Defilement of this kind will halt defilement And for this reason it shall not be spurned.
44.
Better if I perish in the fire,
Better that my head be severed from my body Than ever I should serve or reverence
My mortal enemies, defiled emotions.
45.
Common foes, when driven from the state,
Retreat and base themselves in other lands,
And muster all their strength the better to return. But enemy afflictions are without such stratagems.
46.
Miserable defilements, scattered by the eye of wisdom! Where will you now run, when driven from my mind? Whence would you return to do me harm?
But oh, my mind is feeble. I am indolent!
47.
Defilements are not in the object,
Nor within the faculties, nor somewhere in between. And if not elsewhere, where is their abode,
Whence they inflict their havoc on the world?
They are simple mirages, and so take heart!
Banish all your fear and strive to know their nature. Why suffer needlessly the pains of hell?
48.
This is how I should reflect and labor,
That I might apply the precepts thus set forth.
What invalids in need of medicine
Ignored their doctor’s words and gained their health?

5. Vigilant Introspection
 1.
Those who wish to keep the trainings
Must with perfect self-possession guard their minds. Without this guard upon the mind,
The trainings cannot be preserved.
2.
Wandering where it will, the elephant of mind,
Will bring us down to torment in the hell of Unrelenting Pain. No worldly beast, however wild and crazed,
Could bring upon us such calamities.
3.
If, with mindfulness’ rope,
The elephant of mind is tethered all around, Our fears will come to nothing,
Every virtue drop into our hands.
4.
Tigers, lions, elephants, and bears, Snakes and every hostile foe,
Those who guard the prisoners in hell, Ghosts and ghouls and every evil wraith,
5.
By simple binding of this mind alone, All these things are likewise bound. By simple taming of this mind alone, All these things are likewise tamed.
6.
For all anxiety and fear,
And pain in boundless quantity,
Their source and wellspring is the mind itself, As He who spoke the truth declared.
7.
The hellish instruments to torture living beings— Who invented them for such intent?
Who has forged this burning iron ground; Whence have all these demon-women sprung?56
8.
All are but the offspring of the sinful mind, This the mighty Sage has said.
Throughout the triple world57 therefore There is no greater bane than mind itself.

9.
If transcendent giving is
To dissipate the poverty of beings,
In what way—since the poor are always with us— Have former Buddhas practiced it?
10.
Transcendent giving, so the teachings say,
Consists in the intention to bestow on every being All one owns, together with the fruits of such a gift. It is indeed a matter of the mind itself.
11.
Where could beings, fishes, and the rest,
Be placed to keep them safe from being killed? Deciding to refrain from every harmful act
Is said to be transcendent discipline.
12.
Harmful beings are everywhere like space itself. Impossible it is that all should be suppressed. But let this angry mind alone be overthrown, And it’s as though all foes had been subdued.
13.
To cover all the earth with sheets of leather— Where could such amounts of skin be found? But with the leather soles of just my shoes
It is as though I cover all the earth!
14.
And thus the outer course of things I myself cannot restrain.
But let me just restrain my mind, And what is left to be restrained?
15.
A clear intent can fructify
And bring us birth in such as Brahmā’s realm. The acts of body and of speech are less— They do not generate a like result.
16.
Recitations and austerities,
Long though they may prove to be,
If practiced with distracted mind,
Are futile, so the Knower of Reality has said.
17.
All those who fail to understand
The secret of the mind, the greatest of all things,

Although they wish for joy and sorrow’s end, Will wander to no purpose, uselessly.
18.
Therefore I will take in hand
And well protect this mind of mine. What use to me are many disciplines,
If I can’t guard and discipline my mind?
19.
When in wild, unruly crowds,
I’m careful and attentive of my wounds; Likewise, when in evil company,
This wound, my mind, I’ll constantly protect.
20.
For if I carefully protect my wounds
Because I fear the pain of minor injuries,
Why should I not protect the wound that is my mind, For fear of being crushed beneath the cliffs of hell?58
21.
If this is how I act and live,
Then even in the midst of evil folk,
Or even with fair women, all is well.
My steady keeping of the vows will not decline.
22.
My property, my honor—all can freely go, My body and my livelihood as well.
And even other virtues may decline,
But never will I let my mind regress.
23.
All you who would protect your minds, Maintain your mindfulness and introspection; Guard them both, at cost of life and limb,
I join my hands, beseeching you.
24.
Those disabled by ill health
Are helpless, powerless to act.
The mind, when likewise cramped by ignorance, Is impotent and cannot do its work.
25.
For those who have no introspection,
Though they hear the teachings, ponder them, or meditate, Like water seeping from a leaking jar,
Their learning will not settle in their memories.

26.
Many are endowed with joyful diligence.
They’re learned also and imbued with faith,
But through the fault of lacking introspection, They will not escape the stain of sin and downfall.
27.
Lack of introspection is a thief;
It slinks behind when mindfulness abates. And all the merit we have gathered in
It steals; and down we go to lower realms.
28.
Defilements are a band of robbers
Looking for their chance to injure us.
They steal our virtue, when their moment comes, And batter out the lives of happy destinies.
29.
Therefore from the gateway of my mind
My mindfulness shall not have leave to stray. And if it wanders, it shall be recalled
By thoughts of anguish in the lower worlds.
30.
Through fear, and by the counsels of their abbots, And staying ever in their teacher’s company—
In those endowed with fortune and devotion Mindfulness is cultivated easily.
31.
“The Buddhas and the Bodhisattvas both Possess unclouded vision, seeing everything: All lies open to their gaze,
And likewise I am always in their presence.”
32.
One who has such thoughts as these
Will gain devotion and a sense of fear and shame. For such a one, the memory of Buddha
Rises frequently before the mind.
33.
When mindfulness is stationed as a sentinel, A guard upon the threshold of the mind, Introspection will be likewise there, Returning when forgotten or dispersed.
34.
If at the outset, when I check my mind, I find that it is tainted with some fault,

I shall be still and self-possessed, Unmoving like a piece of wood.
35.
I shall never, vacantly,
Allow my gaze to wander all around, But rather with a focused mind
Will always go with eyes cast down.
36.
But that I may relax my gaze,
I’ll sometimes raise my eyes and look around.
And if there are some people standing in my sight, I’ll look at them and greet them with a friendly word.
37.
And yet, to spy the dangers on the road,
I’ll scrutinize the four directions one by one. And when I stop to rest, I’ll turn around And look behind me, back along my way.
38.
I will survey the land, in front, behind, And carry on or else retrace my steps. In every time and place therefore
I’ll know my needs and act accordingly.
39.
“My body shall remain like this.” Embarking thus upon a given course, From time to time I’ll verify Inquiring how my body is disposed.
40.
This rampant elephant, my mind,
Once tied to that great post, reflection on the Teachings, Must now be watched with all my strength
That it might never slip away.
41.
Those who strive to master concentration
Should never for an instant be distracted.
They should always watch their minds, inquiring, “Where is now my mind engaged?”
42.
When this becomes impossible,
In case of danger or festivity, I’ll act as it seems best. For it is taught that rules of discipline
May be relaxed in times of generosity.59

43.
When something has been planned and started on, Attention should not drift to other things.
With thoughts fixed on the chosen target,
That and that alone should be pursued.
44.
Behaving in this way, all tasks are well performed, And nothing is achieved by doing otherwise.
If thus we act, the secondary defilement,
Lack of introspection, will not grow.
45.
And if you find yourself engaged
In different kinds of pointless conversation And curious sights, the like of which abound— Be rid of all delight and taste for them.
46.
And if you find you’re grubbing in the soil,
Or pulling up the grass or tracing idle patterns on the ground, Remembering the precepts of the Blissful One,
In fear, restrain yourself at once.
47.
And when you feel the wish to move about, Or even to express yourself in speech,
First examine what is in your mind.
For steadfast ones should act correctly.
48.
When the urge arises in your mind
To feelings of desire or angry hate, Do not act! Be silent, do not speak! And like a log of wood be sure to stay.
49.
And when your mind is wild or filled with mockery, Or filled with pride and haughty arrogance,
Or when you would expose another’s secret guilt, To bring up old dissensions or to act deceitfully,
50.
Or when you want to fish for praise,
Or criticize and spoil another’s name,
Or use harsh language, sparring for a fight, It’s then that like a log you should remain.
51.
And when you yearn for wealth, attention, fame, A circle of retainers serving you,

And when you look for honors, recognition, It’s then that like a log you should remain.
52.
And when you are inclined to overlook another’s need And want to get the best thing for yourself,
And when you feel the urge to speak,
It’s then that like a log you should remain.
53.
Impatience, indolence, faintheartedness, And likewise arrogance and careless speech, Attachment to your side—when these arise, It’s then that like a log you should remain.
54.
Examine thus yourself from every side.
Take note of your defilements and your pointless efforts. For thus the heroes on the Bodhisattva path
Seize firmly on such faults with proper remedies.
55.
With perfect and unyielding faith,
With steadfastness, respect, and courtesy, With conscientiousness and awe,
Work calmly for the happiness of others.
56.
Let us not be downcast by the warring wants
Of childish persons quarreling.
Their thoughts are bred from conflict and emotion. Let us understand and treat them lovingly.
57.
When acting irreproachably,
For our sake or the sake of others,
Let us always bear in mind the thought That we are self-less, like an apparition.
58.
This supreme freedom of a human life,
So long awaited, now at last attained! Reflecting always thus, maintain your mind As steady as Sumeru, king of mountains.
59.
If, O mind, you will not be aggrieved, When vultures with their love of flesh Are tugging at this body all around, Why are you so besotted with it now?

60.
Why, O mind, do you protect this body, Taking it to be your own?
You and it are each a separate entity; How ever can it be of use to you?
61.
Why, O foolish mind,
Don’t you appropriate a clean form carved in wood? How is it fit to guard
An unclean engine for the making of impurity?
62.
First, with mind’s imagination, Shed the covering of skin,
And with the blade of wisdom, strip The flesh from off the bony frame.
63.
And when you have divided all the bones,
And searched right down amid the very marrow, You yourself should ask the question:
Where is the essential core?
64.
If, persisting in the search,
You see no underlying essence, Why do you protect with such desire The body that you now possess?
65.
Its filth you cannot eat, O mind;
Its blood likewise is not for you to drink; Its innards, too, unsuitable to suck—
This body, what then will you make of it?
66.
And yet it may indeed be kept
As food to feed the vulture and the fox. The value of this human form
Lies only in the use you make of it.
67.
Whatever you may do to guard and keep it, What will you do when
The ruthless Lord of Death
Will seize and throw it to the dogs and birds?
68.
If servants who cannot be set to work
Are not rewarded with supplies and clothing,

Why do you sustain with such great pains
This body, which, though nourished, will abandon you?
69.
So pay this body due remuneration,
And then be sure to make it work for you. But do not lavish everything
On what will not bring perfect benefit.
70.
Regard your body as a vessel,
A simple boat for going here and there. Make of it a thing that answers every wish To bring about the benefit of beings.
71.
Be the master of yourself
And have an ever-smiling countenance. Rid yourself of scowling, wrathful frowns, And be a true and honest friend to all.
72.
Do not, acting inconsiderately,
Move chairs and furniture so noisily around. Likewise do not open doors with violence. Take pleasure in the practice of humility.
73.
Herons, cats, and burglars
Achieve what they intend
By going silently and unobserved. Such is the constant practice of a sage.
74.
When useful admonitions come unsought
From those with skill in counseling their fellows, Welcome them with humble gratitude,
And always strive to learn from everyone.
75.
Praise all whose speech is worthy.
Say, “Your words are excellent!”
And when you notice others acting well, Encourage them in terms of warm approval.
76.
Extol their qualities discreetly;
When they’re praised by others, praise them too. But when the qualities they praise are yours, Reflect upon their skill in recognizing qualities.

77.
The goal of every act is happiness itself,
Though, even with great wealth, it’s rarely found. So take your pleasure in the excellence of others. Let them be a heartfelt joy to you.
78.
By acting thus, in this life you’ll lose nothing; In future lives, great bliss will come to you. Wrongdoing brings not joy but pain,
And in the future dreadful torment.
79.
Speak coherently, appropriately, Clear in meaning, pleasantly.
Rid yourself of craving and aversion; Speak gently with moderation.
80.
When you look at others think
That it will be through them
That you will come to Buddhahood.
So look on them with frank and loving hearts.
81.
Always fired by highest aspiration,
Laboring to implement the antidotes,60
You will reap great virtues in the field of excellence And in the fields of benefits and sorrow.61
82.
Acting thus with faith and understanding, You should always undertake good works. And in whatever actions you perform, You should not be dependent on another.
83.
The perfections,62 giving and the rest,
Progress in sequence, growing in importance. The great should never be abandoned for the less, And others’ good should be regarded as supreme.
84.
Therefore understand this well,
And always labor for the benefit of beings. The Compassionate One farsightedly permits, To this end, even what has been proscribed.63
85.
Eat only what is needful;
Share with those who have embraced the discipline,

With those who are defenseless or have fallen into evil states. Give everything except the three robes of religion.
86.
The body, used to practice sacred teachings, Should not be harmed in meaningless pursuits. By acting thus the wishes of all beings
Will swiftly and completely be attained.
87.
They should not give up their bodies
Whose compassionate thoughts are not yet pure.
But let them be surrendered when, both now and in their futures lives, Great benefit is thereby gained.
88.
Do not teach the Dharma to the disrespectful:
To those who, though not sick, wrap cloths around their heads, To those who carry weapons, staffs, or parasols,
To those who are with covered heads.
89.
To those upon the lower paths do not explain the vast and deep,64 Nor tutor women unaccompanied by men.
And every Dharma, high or low,65
Expound with equal reverence.
90.
Those suited to the teachings of great scope Should not be introduced to lesser paths.
The rules of conduct you should not neglect
Nor lead astray with talk of sūtras and of mantras.66
91.
When you spit and throw away
Your tooth sticks, you should cover them.67
And it is wrong to foul with urine and with other filth The fields and water fit for public use.
92.
When eating, do not gobble noisily, Nor stuff and cram your gaping mouth. And do not sit with legs outstretched, Nor coarsely rub your hands together.
93.
Do not travel, sit, or stay alone
With women of another house.68
And all that you have seen, or have been told,
To be a cause of scandal—that you should avoid.

94.
Not rudely pointing with your finger,
But rather with a reverent gesture showing With the whole right hand outstretched— This is how to indicate the road.
95.
Do not wave your arms with uncouth gestures. Express yourself instead with unobtrusive signs, With gentle sounds and finger snaps.69
For acting otherwise is impolite excess.
96.
Lie down to sleep in the preferred direction,
In the posture of the Buddha when he passed into nirvāṇa. And first with vigilance decide
That you’ll be quick to rise again.
97.
The actions of the Bodhisattva
Are unbounded, so the Teachings say.
Of these, until the goal is won,
Embrace the practices that purify your mind.
98.
Reciting thrice by day and thrice by night, The Sūtra in Three Sections,70
Relying on the Buddhas and the Bodhisattvas, Purify the rest of your transgressions.
99.
Wherever and whenever and whatever you are doing, For your sake or the sake of others,
Implement with diligence
The teachings given for that situation.
100.
There is indeed no field of knowledge
That the Buddhas’ offspring should not learn. For those who are well-versed in all these ways, There is no action destitute of merit.
101.
Directly, then, or indirectly,
Do nothing that is not for others’ sake.
And solely for their welfare dedicate
Your every action to the gaining of enlightenment.
102.
Never, at the cost of life or limb,
Forsake your virtuous friend, your teacher,

Learned in the doctrine of the Mahāyāna, Supreme in Bodhisattva discipline.
103.
Learn how to attend upon your guru
As described in Shrī Sambhava’s life.71
This and other teachings of the Buddha
You should understand by reading in the sūtras.
104.
Indeed within these sūtras all the practices are found; Therefore read and study them.
The Sūtra of the Essence of the Sky72
Is the text that should be studied first.
105.
All that must be practiced constantly
Is clearly and extensively explained
Within the Digest of All Disciplines,73
So this is something you should read repeatedly.
106.
From time to time, for sake of brevity, Consult the Digest of the Sūtras.74
And those two works peruse with diligence That noble Nāgārjuna has composed.
107.
Whatever in these works is not proscribed
Be sure to undertake and implement.
And what you find enjoined there, perfectly fulfill, And so protect the minds of worldly beings.
108.
Examining again and yet again
The state and actions of your body and your mind— This alone defines in brief
The maintenance of watchful introspection.
109.
But all this must be acted out in truth,
For what is to be gained by mouthing syllables? What invalid was ever helped
By merely reading in the doctor’s treatises?

6. Patience
 1.
All the good works gathered in a thousand ages, Such as deeds of generosity,
And offerings to the Blissful Ones—
A single flash of anger shatters them.
2.
No evil is there similar to anger,
No austerity to be compared with patience. Steep yourself, therefore, in patience,
In various ways, insistently.
3.
Those tormented by the pain of anger, Never know tranquillity of mind— Strangers they will be to every pleasure; They will neither sleep nor feel secure.
4.
Even those dependent on their lord
For gracious gifts of honors and of wealth Will rise against and slay
A master who is filled with wrath and hate.
5.
His family and friends he grieves,
And is not served by those his gifts attract. No one is there, all in all,
Who, being angry, lives at ease.
6.
All these ills are brought about by wrath,
Our sorrow-bearing enemy.
But those who seize and crush their anger down Will find their joy in this and future lives.
7.
Getting what I do not want,
And all that hinders my desire—
In discontent my anger finds its fuel. From this it grows and beats me down.
8.
Therefore I will utterly destroy The sustenance of this my enemy, My foe who has no other purpose But to hurt and injure me.

9.
So come what may, I’ll not upset
My cheerful happiness of mind.
Dejection never brings me what I want; My virtue will be warped and marred by it.
10.
If there’s a remedy when trouble strikes, What reason is there for dejection?
And if there is no help for it,
What use is there in being glum?
11.
Pain, humiliation, insults, or rebukes— We do not want them
Either for ourselves or those we love. For those we do not like, it’s the reverse!
12.
The cause of happiness is rare,
And many are the seeds of suffering!
But if I have no pain, I’ll never long for freedom; Therefore, O my mind, be steadfast!
13.
The Karna folk and those devoted to the Goddess,75 Endure the meaningless austerities
Of being cut and burned.
So why am I so timid on the path of freedom?
14.
There’s nothing that does not grow light Through habit and familiarity.
Putting up with little cares
I’ll train myself to bear with great adversity!
15.
Don’t I see that this is so with common irritations: Bites and stings of snakes and flies,
Experiences of hunger and of thirst,
And painful rashes on my skin?
16.
Heat and cold, the wind and rain, Sickness, prison, beatings—
I’ll not fret about such things.
To do so only aggravates my trouble.
17.
There are some whose bravery increases, At the sight of their own blood,

While some lose all their strength and faint When it’s another’s blood they see!
18.
This results from how the mind is set, In steadfastness or cowardice.
And so I’ll scorn all injury,
And hardships I will disregard!
19.
When sorrows fall upon the wise,
Their minds should be serene and undisturbed. For in their war against defiled emotion, Many are the hardships, as in every battle.
20.
Thinking scorn of every pain,
And vanquishing such foes as hatred: These are exploits of victorious warriors. The rest is slaying what is dead already!
21.
Suffering also has its worth.
Through sorrow, pride is driven out
And pity felt for those who wander in saṃsāra; Evil is avoided; goodness seems delightful.
22.
I am not angry with my bile and other humors— Fertile source of suffering and pain!
So why should living beings give offence,
They likewise are impelled by circumstance?76
23.
Although they are unlooked for, undesired, These ills afflict us all the same.
And likewise, though unwanted and unsought, Defilements nonetheless insistently arise.
24.
Never thinking, “Now I will be angry,” People are impulsively caught up in anger. Irritation, likewise, comes
Though never plans to be experienced!
25.
All defilements of whatever kind,
The whole variety of evil deeds
Are brought about by circumstances: None is independent, none autonomous.

26.
Conditions, once assembled, have no thought That they will now give rise to some result. Nor does that which is engendered
Think that it has been produced.
27.
The primal substance, as they say,
And that which has been called the self, Do not arise designedly,
And do not think, “I will become.”
28.
For that which is not born does not exist, So what could want to come to be?
And permanently drawn toward its object, It can never cease from being so.77
29.
Indeed! This self, if permanent,
Is certainly inert like space itself.
And should it meet with other factors,
How could they affect it, since it is unchanging?
30.
If, when conditions act on it, it stays just as it was before, What influence have these conditions had?
They say that these are agents of the self,
But what connection could there be between them?78
31.
All things, then, depend on other things,
And these likewise depend; they are not independent. Knowing this, we will not be annoyed
At things that are like magical appearances.
32.
“Resistance,” you may say, “is out of place,
For what will be opposed by whom?”
The stream of sorrow is cut through by patience; There is nothing out of place in our assertion!
33.
Thus, when enemies or friends
Are seen to act improperly,
Remain serene and call to mind
That everything arises from conditions.
34.
If things could be according to their wish, No suffering would ever come

To anyone of all embodied beings,
For none of them wants pain of any kind.
35.
Yet carelessly, all unaware,
They tear themselves on thorns;
And ardent in pursuit of wives and goods, They starve themselves of nourishment.
36.
Some hang themselves or leap into the void, Take poison or consume unhealthy food,
Or by their evil conduct
Bring destruction on themselves.
37.
For when affliction seizes them,
They even slay themselves, the selves they love so much. So how can they not be the cause
Of others’ bodily distress?
38.
Although we almost never feel compassion For those who, through defilement,
Bring about their own perdition,
What purpose does our anger serve?
39.
If those who are like wanton children Are by nature prone to injure others, There’s no reason for our rage;
It’s like resenting fire for being hot.
40.
And if their faults are fleeting and contingent,
If living beings are by nature mild,
It’s likewise senseless to resent them—
As well be angry at the sky when it is full of smoke!
41.
Although it is their sticks that hurt me,
I am angry at the ones who wield them, striking me. But they in turn are driven by their hatred; Therefore with their hatred I should take offence.
42.
In just the same way in the past
I it was who injured living beings. Therefore it is right that injury Should come to me their torturer.

43.
Their weapons and my body—
Both are causes of my torment!
They their weapons, I my body brandished; Who then is more worthy of my rage?
44.
This body—running sore in human form—
Merely touched, it cannot stand the pain!
I’m the one who grasped it in my blind attachment, Whom should I resent when pain occurs?
45.
We who are like children
Shrink from pain, but love its causes.
We hurt ourselves through our misdeeds!
So why should others be the object of our rage?
46.
And who indeed should I be angry with? This pain is all my own contriving— Likewise all the janitors of hell
And all the groves of razor trees!79
47.
Those who harm me rise against me—
It’s my karma that has summoned them. And if through this these beings go to hell, Is it not I who bring their ruin?
48.
Because of them, and through my patience, All my many sins are cleansed and purified. But they will be the ones who, thanks to me, Will have the long-drawn agonies of hell.
49.
Therefore I am their tormentor!
Therefore it is they who bring me benefit! Thus with what perversity, pernicious mind, Will you be angry with your enemies?
50.
If a patient quality of mind is mine,
I shall avoid the pains of hell.
But though indeed I save myself,
What of my foes, what fate’s in store for them?
51.
If I repay them harm for harm, Indeed they’ll not be saved thereby.

My conduct will in turn be marred, Austerity of patience brought to nothing.
52.
Because the mind is bodiless
It cannot be destroyed by anyone.
Because of mind’s attachment to the body, This body is oppressed by pain.
53.
Scorn and hostile words,
And comments that I do not like to hear—
My body is not harmed by them.
What reason do you have, O mind, for your resentment?
54.
The enmity that others show me, Since in this or future lives
It cannot actually devour me, Why should I be so averse to it?
55.
Perhaps I turn from it because
It hinders me from having what I want. But all my property I’ll leave behind, While sins will keep me steady company.
56.
Better far for me to die today,
Than live a long and evil life.
However long the days of those like me, The pain of dying will be all the same.
57.
One man dreams he lives a hundred years Of happiness, but then he wakes. Another dreams an instant’s joy,
But then he likewise wakes.
58.
And when they wake, the happiness of both
Is finished, never to return.
Likewise, when the hour of death comes round, Our lives are over, whether brief or long.
59.
Though we be rich in worldly goods, Delighting in our wealth for many years, Despoiled and stripped as though by thieves, We must go naked and with empty hands.

60.
Perhaps we’ll claim that by our wealth we live, And living, gather merit, dissipating evil.
But if we are aggressive for the sake of profit, Won’t our gains be evil, all our merits lost?
61.
And if the aim for which we live
Is thereby wasted and undone, What use is there in living thus, When evil is the only consequence?
62.
And if, when people slander us,
We claim our anger is because they injure others, How is it we do not resent
Their slander when it’s aimed at someone else?
63.
And if we bear with this antipathy
Because it’s due to other factors,
Why are we impatient when they slander us? Defilement, after all, has been the cause of it.
64.
Even those who vilify and undermine
The Sacred Doctrine, images, and stūpas Are not proper objects of our anger. Buddhas are themselves untouched thereby.
65.
And even if our teachers, relatives, and friends Are now the object of aggression,
All derives from factors, as we have explained. This we should perceive and curb our wrath.
66.
Beings suffer injury alike
From lifeless things as well as living beings. So why be angry only with the latter? Rather let us simply bear with harm.
67.
Some do evil things because of ignorance, Some respond with anger, being ignorant. Which of them is faultless in such acts? To whom shall error be ascribed?
68.
Instead, why did they act in times gone by That they are now so harmed at others’ hands?

Since everything depends on karma, Why should I be angry at such things?
69.
This I see and therefore, come what may, I’ll hold fast to the virtuous path
And foster in the hearts of all
An attitude of mutual love.
70.
Now when a building is ablaze
And flames leap out from house to house, The wise course is to take and fling away The straw and anything that spreads the fire.
71.
And so, in fear that merit might be all consumed, We should at once cast far away
Our mind’s attachments:
Tinder for the fiery flames of hate.
72.
Is it not a happy chance if when, condemned to death, A man is freed, his hand cut off in ransom for his life? And is it not a happy chance if now, to escape hell,
I suffer only the misfortunes of the human state?
73.
If even these, my present pains,
Are now beyond my strength to bear,
Why do I not cast off my anger,
Cause of future sorrows in infernal torment?
74.
For sake of gaining all that I desired,
A thousand times I underwent
The tortures of the realms of hell— Achieving nothing for myself and others.
75.
The present aches are nothing to compare with those, And yet great benefits will come from them.
These troubles that dispel the pain of wanderers— It’s only right that I rejoice in them.
76.
When others take delight
In giving praise to those endowed with talents, Why, O mind, do you not find
A joy likewise in praising them?

77.
The pleasure that is gained therefrom Itself gives rise to blameless happiness. It’s urged on us by all the holy ones,
And is the perfect way of winning others.
78.
“But they’re the ones who’ll have the happiness,” you say. If this then is a joy you would resent,
Abandon paying wages and returning favors.
You will be the loser—both in this life and the next!
79.
When praise is heaped upon your qualities, You’re keen that others should be pleased thereby. But when the compliment is paid to others,
You feel no inclination to rejoice as well.
80.
You who want the happiness of beings
Have wished to be enlightened for their sake. So why should others irk you when
They find some pleasure for themselves?
81.
And if you claim to wish that beings
Be enlightened, honored by the triple world, When petty marks of favor come their way, Why are you so discomforted?
82.
When dependents who rely on you,
To whom you are obliged to give support,
Find for themselves the means of livelihood,
Will you not be happy, will you once again be angry?
83.
If even this you do not want for beings, How could you want Buddhahood for them? And how can anyone have bodhichitta
Who is angry when another prospers?
84.
If someone else receives a gift,
Or if that gift stays in the benefactor’s house, In neither case will it be yours—
So, given or withheld, why is it your concern?
85.
All your merit and the faith of others,
All your sterling qualities—why throw them all away?

Not holding onto what might bring you riches, Tell me, why are you not angry at yourself?
86.
Not only do you feel no sorrow
For the evils you have done,
You even wish to match yourself
With those whose merit has been earned!
87.
If unhappiness befalls your enemies,
Why should this be cause for your rejoicing? The wishes of your mind alone,
Will not in fact contrive their injury.
88.
And if your hostile wishes were to bring them harm,
Again, what cause of joy is that to you?
“Why, then I would be satisfied!”—are these your thoughts? Is anything more ruinous than that?
89.
Caught upon the hook, unbearable and sharp, Cast by the fisherman, my own defilements, I’ll be flung into the cauldrons of the pit, And surely boiled by all the janitors of hell!
90.
Veneration, praise, and fame
Serve not to increase merit or my span of life, Bestowing neither health nor strength
And nothing for the body’s ease.
91.
If I am wise in what is good for me,
I’ll ask what benefit these bring.
For if it’s entertainment I desire,
I might as well resort to alcohol and cards!80
92.
I lose my life, my wealth I squander,
All for reputation’s sake.
What use are words, and whom will they delight When I am dead and in my grave?
93.
Children can’t help crying when
Their sand castles come crumbling down. My mind is so like them
When praise and reputation start to fail.

94.
Short-lived sound, devoid of intellect,
Can never in itself intend to praise me.
I say that it’s the joy that others take in me, It’s this that is the cause of my delight.
95.
But what is it to me if others take delight In someone else, or even in myself? Their pleasure’s theirs and theirs alone. No part of it is felt by me.
96.
If I am happy at the joy of those who take delight, Then everyone should be a source of joy to me. When people take delight in others
Why am I not happy at their pleasure?
97.
The satisfaction that is mine
From thinking, “I am being praised,”
Is unacceptable to common sense
And nothing but the antics of a silly child.
98.
Praise and compliments distract me, Sapping my revulsion with saṃsāra.
I start to envy others their good qualities And thus all excellence is ruined.
99.
Those who stay close by me, then,
To damage my good name and cut me down to size— Are surely there protecting me
From falling into realms of grief.
100.
For I am one who strives for freedom.
I must not be caught by wealth and honors. How could I be angry with the ones
Who work to free me from my fetters?
101.
They, like Buddha’s very blessing, Bar my way, determined as I am
To plunge myself headlong in sorrow: How can I be angry with them?
102.
I should not be irritated, saying,
“They are obstacles to my good deeds.”

For is not patience the supreme austerity, And should I not abide by this?
103.
And if I fail to practice patience, Hindered by my own shortcomings,
I myself create impediments
To merit’s causes, yet so close at hand.
104.
If something does not come to be when something else is absent, And does arise, that factor being present,
That factor is indeed its cause.
How can it, then, be said to hinder it?
105.
The beggars who arrive at proper times
Are not an obstacle to generosity.
We cannot say that those who give the vows Are hindrances to ordination!
106.
The beggars in this world are numerous; Assailants are comparatively few.
For if I do no harm to others,
Others do no injury to me.
107.
So, like a treasure found at home,
That I have gained without fatigue,
My enemies are helpers in my Bodhisattva work And therefore they should be a joy to me.
108.
Since I have grown in patience
Thanks to them,
To them its first fruits I should give,
For of my patience they have been the cause.
109.
And if I say my foes should not be honored
Since they did not mean to stimulate my patience, Why do I revere the Sacred Dharma,
Cause indeed of my attainment?
110.
“These enemies conspired to harm me,” I protest, “And therefore should receive no honors.”
But had they worked to help me like a doctor, How could I have brought forth patience?

111.
Thanks to those whose minds are full of malice I engender patience in myself.
They therefore are the causes of my patience, Fit for veneration, like the Dharma.
112.
And so the mighty Sage has spoken of the field of beings As well as of the field of Conquerors.
Many who brought happiness to beings,
Have passed beyond, attaining to perfection.
113.
Thus the state of Buddhahood depends On beings and on Buddhas equally.
What kind of practice is it then
That honors only Buddhas but not beings?
114.
Not in the qualities of their minds
But in the fruits they give are they alike.
In beings, too, such excellence resides,
And therefore beings and Buddhas are the same.
115.
Offerings made to those with loving minds Reveal the eminence of living beings.81 Merit that accrues from faith in Buddha Shows in turn the Buddha’s eminence.
116.
Although not one of them is equal
To the Buddhas, who are oceans of perfection,
Because they have a share in bringing forth enlightenment, Beings may be likened to the Buddhas.
117.
If of such a gathering of supreme excellence A tiny part appeared in certain beings,
The three worlds made in offering to them Would be a very little thing.
118.
Since there lies in beings a share
In bringing forth the supreme and enlightened state, By virtue of this parity alone
It’s right that I should reverence them.
119.
The Buddhas are my true, unfailing friends. Boundless are the benefits they bring to me.

How else may I repay their goodness But by making living beings happy?
120.
By helping beings we repay the ones
Who sacrifice their lives for us and plunge into the hell of Unrelenting Pain. Should beings therefore do great harm to me,
I’ll strive to bring them only benefit.
121.
For those who have become my lords,
At times, took care not even of their bodies. Why should I, a fool, behave with such conceit? Why should I not become the slave of others?
122.
Buddhas are made happy by the joy of beings.
They sorrow, they lament when beings suffer.
By bringing joy to beings, then, I please the Buddhas also; By wounding them, I wound the Buddhas too.
123.
Just as there’s no sensual delight
To please the mind of one whose body burns in fire, There is no way to please the great compassionate ones While we ourselves are causes of another’s pain.
124.
The damage I have done to beings
Saddens all the Buddhas in their great compassion. Therefore, all these evils I confess today
And pray that they will bear with my offences.
125.
That I might rejoice the Buddhas’ hearts,
Henceforth I will be master of myself, the servant of the world.
I shall not seek revenge though crowds may trample on my head or kill me. Let the Guardians of the world rejoice!
126.
The great compassionate lords consider as themselves82
All beings—there’s no doubt of this.
Those whom I perceive as beings are Buddhas in themselves; How can I not treat them with respect?
127.
This very thing is pleasing to the Buddhas’ hearts And perfectly secures the welfare of myself.
This will drive away the sorrows of the world, And therefore it will be my constant work.

128.
Imagine that the steward of a king
Does injury to multitudes of people.
Those with clear, farseeing eyes
Do not respond with violence even if they can.
129.
For stewards, after all, are not alone. They are supported by the kingly power. Therefore I will not despise
The feeble beings tormenting me.
130.
Their allies are the guardians of hell
And also the compassionate Buddhas. Therefore living beings I will gratify
As subjects might placate a wrathful king.
131.
And yet, the pains of hell to be endured Through making living beings suffer— Could these ever be unleashed on me By all the ire of such a king?
132.
And even if that king were pleased, Enlightenment he could not give to me. For this will only be achieved
By bringing happiness to beings.
133.
No need to mention future Buddhahood, Achieved through bringing happiness to beings. How can I not see that glory, fame, and pleasure Even in this life will likewise come?
134.
For patience in saṃsāra brings such things As beauty, health, and good renown.
Its fruit is great longevity,
The vast contentment of a universal king.

7. Diligence
 1.
Thus with patience I will strive with diligence. For in such diligence enlightenment is found. If no wind blows, then nothing stirs,
And neither is there merit without diligence.
2.
Diligence means joy in virtuous ways.83
Its contraries have been defined as laziness, An inclination for unwholesomeness, Defeatism and self-contempt.
3.
A taste for idle pleasure
And a craving for repose and sleep,
No qualms about the sorrows of saṃsāra: Laziness indeed is born from these.
4.
Snared by the trapper of defiled emotion, Enmeshed and taken in the toils of birth, Again you’ve strayed into the maw of Death. What is it? Have you still not understood?
5.
Don’t you see how, one by one, Death has come for all your kind? And yet you slumber on so soundly, Like a buffalo beside its butcher.
6.
All the paths of flight are blocked,
The Lord of Death now has you in his sights. How can you take such pleasure in your food, And how can you delight to rest and sleep?84
7.
Death will swoop on you so swiftly.
Gather merit till that moment comes!
For even if you then throw off your indolence, What will you do when there is no more time?
8.
“This I have not done, and this I’m only starting. And this—I’m only halfway through . . .”
Then is the sudden coming of the Lord of Death, And oh, the thought “Alas, I’m finished!”

9.
You’ll look upon the faces of your hopeless friends, Their tearstained cheeks, their red and swollen eyes (For such will be the depths of their distress),
And then you’ll see the heralds of the Deadly Lord.
10.
The memory of former sins will torture you, The screams and din of hell break on your ears. With very terror you will foul yourself.
What will you do in such delirium?
11.
If, like a living fish that twists and writhes, You are so terrified while still alive,
What need to speak of pain unbearable
In hells created by past evil deeds?
12.
How can you remain at ease like this
When you have done the deeds that lead
To contact on your tender baby-flesh
Of boiling liquids in the hell of Extreme Heat?
13.
So testy and thin-skinned, you want results without endeavor— Many are the troubles now in store for you!
Though in the grip of death, you are behaving like a god,85
And suffering, alas, will beat you down!
14.
So take advantage of this human boat.
Free yourself from sorrow’s mighty stream!
This vessel will be later hard to find.
The time that you have now, you fool, is not for sleep!
15.
You turn your back upon the Sacred Doctrine, Supreme joy and boundless source of bliss. Why delight in mere excitement,
In distractions that will cause you misery?
16.
Do not be downcast, but marshal all your powers; Make an effort; be the master of yourself! Practice the equality of self and other;
Practice the exchange of self and other.86
17.
“Oh, but how could I become enlightened?” Don’t excuse yourself with such despondency!

The Buddha, who declares the truth, Has truly spoken and proclaimed
18.
That if they bring forth strength of perseverance, Even bees and flies
And gnats and grubs will gain
Supreme enlightenment so hard to find.
19.
And if, by birth and lineage of human kind,
I’m able to distinguish good from ill
And do not leave aside the Bodhisattva deeds, Why should I not attain the state of Buddhahood?
20.
“That I must give away my life and limbs Alarms and frightens me”—if so you say, Your terror is misplaced. Confused,
You fail to see what’s hard and what is easy.
21.
For myriads of ages, measureless, uncounted, Your body has been cut, impaled,
Burned, torn—for times past numbering!
Yet none of this has brought you Buddhahood.
22.
The hardships suffered on the path to Buddhahood Are limited in their extent
And likened to the pain of an incision
Made to cure the harms of inward ills.
23.
And all our doctors cure disease
By means of bitter remedies.
Likewise, to destroy a vast amount of pain, We should be patient with our little hurts.
24.
And yet the Supreme Healer does not use,
Like them, these common remedies.
With ways of extreme tenderness
He soothes away intense and boundless suffering.
25.
Our guide instructs us to begin
By giving vegetable greens or other little things, That later, step-by-step, the habit once acquired, We may be able to donate our very flesh.

26.
For when we truly feel
Our bodies are no different from the given herbs, What hardship can there be
In giving up, relinquishing, our very flesh?
27.
Sin has been abandoned, thus there is no pain; Through having wisdom there is no more sorrow. For so it is that mind and body both
Are injured by false views and sinfulness.
28.
Merit is the true cause of the body’s ease,
While happiness of mind is had through understanding. What can sadden those who have compassion,
Who remain within saṃsāra for the sake of beings?
29.
For through their power of bodhichitta,
Former sins are totally consumed,
And merit, ocean-vast, is gathered in,
It’s therefore said that they excel the Shrāvakas.87
30.
Mounted on the horse of bodhichitta, Which puts to flight all mournful weariness, What lucid person could be in despair Proceeding in this way from joy to joy?
31.
The forces that secure the good of beings,
Are aspiration, steadfastness, relinquishment, and joy. Aspiration grows through fear of suffering
And contemplation of the benefits to be attained.
32.
Therefore leaving everything that is adverse to it,
I’ll labor to increase my diligence,
Through aspiration and self-confidence, relinquishment and joy, By strength of earnest application and exertion of control.
33.
The boundless evils of myself and others— I must bring them all to nothing,
Even though a single of these ills
May take unnumbered ages to exhaust!
34.
And if I find within myself
No sign that faults are even starting to be cleansed,

Why does my heart not burst asunder, Destined as I am for boundless pain?
35.
Good qualities for my and others’ sake, Though they be many, I must now accomplish, Even though for each of them
I must endeavor for unnumbered ages.
36.
Acquaintance I have never gained
With even part of such great qualities.
It is indeed amazing that I render meaningless This life that somehow I have gained.
37.
Offerings to the Buddhas I have never made;
No feasts were ever held through my donations; No works have I accomplished for the Teachings; The wishes of the poor I left unsatisfied.
38.
I have not saved the frightened from their fear; The wretched I have not consoled.
My mother’s pain, her womb’s discomfort: These alone are my accomplishments.
39.
My failure to aspire to Dharma
Now and in the past
Has brought me to my present dereliction. Who therefore would spurn such aspiration?
40.
Aspiration, so the Sage asserted,
Is the root of every kind of virtue. Aspiration’s root in turn
Is constant meditation on the fruits of action.
41.
The body’s pains, anxieties of mind, And all my fears of various kinds,
To be deprived of what I want—
Such is the harvest of my sinful deeds.
42.
But if my acts are good, sincerely intended, Then no matter where I turn my steps,
The merit gained will honor me
With its resulting benefits.

43.
But if, through seeking happiness, my deeds are wrong, No matter where I turn my steps,
The knives of misery will cut me down,
The wage and retribution of a sinful life.
44.
Through virtue I will rest within the cool heart of a fragrant spreading lotus, With splendor nurtured by the sweet words of the Conqueror.
Then from the lotus opened in the Sage’s light, in supreme form I will arise To dwell, the blissful Buddha’s heir, in presence of Victorious Ones.88
45.
Or else as wages of my many sins, my skin completely flayed,
I shall be utterly brought low
By creatures of the Lord of Death, who on my body pour a liquid bronze all melted in the dreadful blaze.
And pierced by burning swords and knives, my flesh
Dismembered in a hundred parts will fall upon the white-hot iron ground.
46.
Therefore I will aspire and tend to virtue,
And steep myself in it with great devotion.
And with the method stated in the Vajradhvaja,89 I will train in confident assurance.
47.
Let me first consider my reserves—
To start or not to start accordingly.
It might be better not to start,
But once begun, I should not then withdraw.
48.
For if I do such things, the pattern will return In later lives, and sin and pain will grow. And other actions will be left undone
Or else will bear a meager fruit.
49.
Action, the afflictions, and ability:
Three things to which my pride should be directed.90 “I will do this, I myself, alone!”
These words define my pride of action.
50.
Overpowered by their minds’ afflictions,
Worldly folk are helpless to secure their happiness. Compared with those who wander, I am able!
This therefore shall be my task.

51.
When others give themselves to low behavior, What shall be my stance in their regard?
In any case, I’ll not be arrogant;
My best way is to give up such conceit.
52.
When they find a dying serpent,
Even crows behave like soaring eagles. Therefore if I’m weak and feeble-hearted, Even little faults will strike and injure me.91
53.
But if, depressed, I give up trying,
How can I gain freedom from my abject state? But if I stand my ground with proud resolve,
It will be hard for even great faults to attack me.
54.
Therefore with a steadfast heart
I’ll get the better of my weaknesses.
But if my failings get the upper hand,
My wish to overcome the triple world is laughable indeed.
55.
“I will be victor over all,
And nothing shall prevail and bring me down!” The offspring of the Lion, the Conqueror, Should constantly abide in this self-confidence.92
56.
Those whom arrogance destroys
Are thus defiled; they lack self-confidence. Those who have true confidence escape the foe, While others fall into the power of an evil pride.
57.
When arrogance inflates the mind,
It draws it down to states of misery—
Or ruins happiness, should human birth be gained.
Thus one is born a slave, dependent for one’s sustenance,
58.
Or feebleminded, ugly, without strength,
The butt and laughingstock of everyone.
These “ascetics” puffed up with conceit!
If these you call the proud, then tell me who are wretched?
59.
Those who uphold pride to vanquish pride, the enemy, Are truly proud, victorious, and brave.

And they who stem the increase of that evil pride,
Perfect, according to their wish, the fruit of victory for beings.
60.
When I am beleaguered by defilements,
I will stand and face them in a thousand ways. I’ll not surrender to the host of the afflictions
But like a lion I will stand amid a crowd of foxes.
61.
However great may be their peril,
People will by reflex guard their eyes.
And likewise I, whatever dangers come,
Must not fall down beneath defilement’s power.
62.
Better for me to be burned to death,
And better to be killed, my head cut off! At no time will I bow and scrape
Before that foe of mine, defiled emotion.93
62a.
Thus in every time and place
I will not wander from the wholesome path.
63.
Like those who take great pleasure in their games, Whatever task the Bodhisattvas do,
Let them devote themselves without reserve, With joyfulness that never knows satiety.
64.
People labor hard to gain contentment
Though success is very far from sure.
But how can they be happy if they do not do Those deeds that are the source of joy to them?
65.
And since they never have enough of pleasure, Honey on the razor’s edge,
How could they have enough of merit,
Fruits of which are happiness and peace?
66.
The elephant, tormented by the noonday sun, Will dive into the waters of a lake,
And likewise I must plunge into my work That I might bring it to completion.

67.
If impaired by weakness or fatigue,
I’ll lay the work aside, the better to resume. And I will leave the task when it’s complete, All avid for the work that’s next to come.
68.
As seasoned fighters face the swords
Of enemies upon the battle line,
I’ll lightly dodge the weapons of defilement, And strike my enemy upon the quick.
69.
If, in the fray, the soldier drops his sword,
In fright, he swiftly takes it up again.
So likewise, if the arm of mindfulness is lost, In fear of hell, I’ll quickly get it back!
70.
Just as poison fills the body,
Borne on the current of the blood, Likewise evil, when it finds its chance, Will spread and permeate the mind.
71.
I will be like a frightened man, a brimming oil-jar in his hand, And menaced by a swordsman saying,
“Spill one drop and you shall die!”
This is how practitioners should hold themselves.
72.
Just as a man would swiftly stand If in his lap a serpent were to glide, If sleep and lethargy beset me,
I will speedily repulse them.
73.
Every time, then, that I fail,
I will reprove and chide myself, Thinking long that by whatever means Such faults in future shall no more occur.
74.
At all times and in any situation,
How can I make mindfulness my constant habit? Thinking thus I will desire
To meet with teachers and fulfill the proper tasks.
75.
By all means, then, before I start some work,
That I might have the strength sufficient to the task,

I will recall the teachings upon carefulness And lightly rise to what is to be done.
76.
Just as flaxen threads waft to and fro, Impelled by every breath of wind,
So all I do will be achieved,
Controlled by movements of a joyful heart.

8. Meditative Concentration
 1.
Cultivating diligence as just described,
In concentration I will place my mind.
For those whose minds are slack and wandering Are caught between the fangs of the afflictions.
2.
In solitude, the mind and body
Are not troubled by distraction. Therefore leave this worldly life
And totally abandon mental wandering.
3.
Because of loved ones and desire for gain,
We fail to turn away from worldly things. These, then, are the first things to renounce.
The prudent should conduct themselves like this.
4.
Penetrative insight joined with calm abiding
Utterly eradicates afflicted states.
Knowing this, first search for calm abiding,
Found by people who are happy to be free from worldly ties.
5.
Beings, brief, ephemeral,
Who strongly cling to what is also transient, Will catch no glimpse of those they love For many thousands of their future lives.
6.
Not seeing them, their minds will have no joy, They therefore will not rest in equanimity.
But even if they see them, they are not content— And as before, the pain of longing stays.
7.
If I crave for other beings,
A veil is cast upon the perfect truth. Wholesome disillusion94 melts away, And finally there comes the sting of pain.
8.
My thoughts are all for them,
And thus my life is frittered by.
My family and friends all change and pass, for whom The changeless Dharma is cast out.

9.
For if I act like childish beings,
Sure it is that I shall fall to evil destinies. So why do I keep company with infants, Who lead me to a state so far from virtue?
10.
One moment friends,
The next, they’re bitter enemies.
Even pleasant things arouse their discontent: Ordinary people—it is hard to please them!
11.
A beneficial word and they resent it, Turning me instead from what is good. And when I close my ears to what they say, Their anger makes them fall to lower states.
12.
Jealous of superiors, they vie with equals, Proud to those below, they strut when praised. Say something untoward, they seethe with rage. What good was ever had from childish folk?
13.
Keep company with them and what will follow? Self-aggrandizement and scorn for others,
Talk about the “good things” of saṃsāra— Every kind of vice is sure to come.
14.
Only ruin can result
From such a link between myself and others. For they will bring no benefit to me,
And I in turn can do them nothing good.
15.
Therefore flee the company of childish people. Greet them, when you meet, with smiles
That keep on terms of common courtesy, Without inviting intimate relations.
16.
Like bees that get their honey from the flowers,
Take only what will serve the practice of the Dharma. Treat everyone like new acquaintances
And keep yourself from close familiarity.
17.
“Oh I am rich and well respected; Lots of people take delight in me.”

Nourish such complacency and later, After death, your fears will start!
18.
Indeed, O foolish and afflicted mind,
You want and crave for all and everything. All this together will rise up
As pain itself, increased a thousandfold.
19.
Since this is so, the wise have no attachments;
From such cravings fear and anguish come.
And fix this firmly in your understanding:
All that may be wished for will by nature fade to nothing.
20.
For people may have gained great wealth of riches, Enjoying reputation, sweet renown.
But who can say where they have gone to now, With all the baggage of their gold and fame?
21.
Why should I be pleased when people praise me? Others there will be who scorn and criticize— And why despondent when I’m blamed,
Since there’ll be others who think well of me?
22.
So many are the leanings and the wants of beings That even Buddha could not please them all— Of such a wretch as me no need to speak!
I’ll give up such concerns with worldly things.
23.
People scorn the poor who have no wealth,
They also criticize the rich who have it.
What pleasure can derive from keeping company With people such as these, so difficult to please?
24.
In kindness childish beings take no delight Unless their own desires are satisfied.
A childish person, thus, is no true friend. This the Tathāgatas have declared.
25.
In woodlands, haunt of stag and bird,
Among the trees where no dissension jars,
It’s there I would keep pleasant company!
When might I be off to make my dwelling there?

26.
When shall I depart to make my home
In cave or empty shrine or under spreading tree, With, in my breast, a free, unfettered heart, Which never turns to cast a backward glance?
27.
When might I abide in such a place,
A place unclaimed and ownerless,
That’s wide and unconfined, a place where I might stay At liberty, without attachment?
28.
When might I be free of fear,
Without the need to hide from anyone,
With just a begging bowl and few belongings, Dressed in garments coveted by none?
29.
And going to the charnel ground, When shall I compare
My body with the dry bones there, So soon to fall to nothing, all alike?
30.
This form of mine, this very flesh
Is soon to give out such a stench
That even jackals won’t come close— And that indeed is all it will become.
31.
This body, now so whole and integral,
This flesh and bone that life has knit together,
Will drift apart, disintegrate,
And how much more will friend depart from friend?
32.
Alone we’re born, alone we come into the world, And when we die, alone we pass away.
No one shares our fate, and none our suffering. What need have I of “friends” who hinder me?
33.
Like those who journey on the road, Who pause and lodge along the way, Beings on the pathways of existence Seize upon the lodging of their birth.
34.
Until the time comes round When four men carry me away,

Amid the grief of worldly folk—
Till then, I will away and go into the forest.
35.
There, with no befriending or begrudging,
I will stay alone in solitude,
Considered from the outset as already dead, Thus, when I die, a source of pain to none.
36.
Then there will be no one standing by
In tears and mourning, thus to trouble me. And no one will be there distracting me
From thinking of the Buddha and the practice.
37.
Therefore in these lovely gleaming woods, With joy that’s marred by few concerns, Where mental wandering will cease,
I will remain in blissful solitude.
38.
Relinquishing all other aspirations, Focusing myself on one intent alone,
I’ll strive to still my mind
And, calming it, to bring it to subjection.
39.
In this and in the worlds to come, Desire’s the parent of all woe:
In this world, killing, bonds, and wounds, And in the next, the hells and other pains.
40.
You send your go-betweens, both boy and maid,95 With many invitations for the prize,
Avoiding, in the quest, no sin,
No deed that brings an ill renown,
41.
Nor acts of frightful risk,
Nor loss and ruin of possessions— All for pleasure and the perfect bliss, That utmost penetrating kiss
42.
Of what in truth is nothing but a heap of bones Devoid of self, without autonomy!
Is this the only object of desire and lust? Sooner pass beyond all suffering and grief!

43.
What pains you went to just to lift her face, Her face that modestly looked down, Which, looked upon or not before,
Was always with a veil concealed.
44.
That face for which you languished so . . . Well, here it is, now nakedly exposed.
The vultures have uncovered it for you to see. What’s this? You run away so soon?
45.
That which once you jealously protected, Shielded from the eyes of other men,
Why, miser that you are, don’t you protect it, Now that it’s the food of graveyard birds?
46.
Look, this mass of human flesh,
Is now the fare of carrion beasts—
And you would deck with garlands, sandalwood, and jewels, The food and provender of others?
47.
Look again, this heap of bones—
Inert and dead. Why, what are you so scared of?
Why did you not fear it when it walked around,
Just like a risen corpse propelled by some strange influence?
48.
You loved it once, when clothed and draped it was. Well, now it’s naked, why do you not want it?
Ah, you say, your need is no more there,
But why did you embrace it, all bedecked and covered?
49.
From food, a single source, come equally The body’s filth and nectar of the mouth. So why are you delighted by saliva,
And yet repelled by excrement?
50.
Taking no delight in pillows
Made of cotton soft to touch,
You claim the human form emits no stench. Befooled by lust, its filth you do not recognize!
51.
Lustful one, befuddled by desire, Because you cannot copulate with it,

You angrily find fault with cotton, Soft though it may be to touch!
52.
And if you have no love of filth,
How can you coddle on your lap
A cage of bones tied fast with sinews, Plastered over with the mud of flesh?
53.
In fact you’re full of filth yourself;
You wallow in it constantly.
It is indeed just filth that you desire, And therefore long for other sacks of it!
54.
“But it’s the skin and flesh I love
To touch and look upon.”
Then why do you not wish for flesh alone, Inanimate and in its natural state?
55.
The mind that you perhaps desire,
You cannot hold or look upon.
Whatever you can hold or see is not the mind— Why copulate with something it is not?
56.
To fail to grasp the unclean nature
Of another’s flesh is not perhaps so strange. But not to see the filthy nature
Of oneself is very strange indeed!
57.
Why does the mind, intent on filthiness, Neglect the fresh young lotus blossom, Opened in the sunlight of a cloudless sky, To take joy rather in a sack of dirt?
58.
And since you’re disinclined to touch
A place or object grimed with excrement, Why do you wish to touch the body Whence such excrement has come?
59.
And if you have no craving for impurity, Why will you now embrace and kiss
What comes from such an unclean place, Engendered likewise from an unclean seed?96

60.
The tiny fetid worms that come from filth— You have no love of them.
And yet you’re lusting for a human form, From filth arisen and replete with it.
61.
Toward your own impurity
Disgust you do not feel;
And yearning and athirst for filth,
You long for other sacks of it!
62.
Pleasant substances like camphor,
Rice, and fresh green herbs—
Put them in your mouth and spit them out: The earth itself is fouled thereby!
63.
If still you doubt such filthiness,
Though it is very plain for all to see,
Go off into the charnel grounds;
Observe the fetid bodies there abandoned.
64.
When their skins are peeled away,
You feel great horror and revulsion.
Now that you have understood,
How can you still take joy in such a thing?
65.
The scent that now perfumes the skin Is sandalwood and nothing else.
Yet how is it that one thing’s fragrance Causes you to long for something else?
66.
Is it not best to have no lust
For something that by nature stinks?
The worldly crave beside their purpose—
Why do they anoint their flesh with pleasant scents?
67.
For if this scent is sandalwood,
How can it be the perfume of the body? How is it that the fragrance of a thing Induces you to crave for something else?
68.
With lanky hair, with long nails overgrown,
With dirty teeth all reeking with the stink of slime,

This body, naked, as it is, untended— Is indeed a horror to behold!
69.
Why go to such excess to clean and polish
What is but a weapon that will injure you?
The cares that people squander on themselves in ignorance Convulse the universe with madness.
70.
When you saw the heaps of human bones,
You felt revulsion in the charnel ground.
And will you take delight in cities of the dead Frequented by such skeletons that live and move?
71.
What’s more, possession of another’s filth Is not to be acquired free of charge.
All is at a price: exhaustion in this life, And in the next, the suffering of hell!
72.
To gather riches young boys are unable,
And what can they enjoy when they’re full grown? The whole of life is spent in gaining wealth,
But then they’re old—too old to satisfy their lust!
73.
Some are wretched in their great desire, But worn out by their daylong work, They go home broken by fatigue
To sleep the slumbers of a corpse.
74.
Some, wearied by their travels far from home, Must suffer separation from their wives
And children whom they love and long to see. They do not meet with them for years on end.
75.
Some, ambitious for prosperity,
Not knowing how to get it, sell themselves. Happiness eludes their grasp and pointlessly They live and labor for their masters.
76.
Some sell themselves, no longer free, In bondage, slavery to others.
And, destitute, their wives give birth With only trees for shelter, in the wild.

77.
Fools deceived by craving for a livelihood Decide that they will make their fortune In the wars, though fearful for their lives. And seeking gain, it’s slavery they get.
78.
Some, as the result of craving,
Have their bodies slashed, impaled on pointed stakes. Some are wounded, run through by the lance,
While some are put to death by fire.
79.
The pain of gaining, keeping, and of losing all!
See the endless hardships brought on us by property!
For those distracted by their love of wealth
There is no chance for freedom from the sorrows of existence.
80.
They indeed, possessed of many wants, Will suffer many troubles, all for very little: They’re like the ox that pulls the cart
And catches bits of grass along the way.
81.
For sake of such a paltry thing,
Which is not rare, which even beasts can find, Tormented by their karma, they destroy
This precious human life so hard to find.
82.
All that we desire is sure to perish,
On which account we fall to hellish pain.
For what amounts to very little
We must suffer constant and exhausting weariness.
83.
With but a millionth part of such vexation
Enlightenment itself could be attained!
Those who crave are plagued far more than those engaged upon the path, Yet Buddhahood is not what they attain!
84.
Reflect upon the pains of hell and other evil states! Weapons, fires, and poisons,
Yawning chasms, hostile foes—
None is on a level with our cravings.
85.
So, revolted by our lust and wanting, Let us now rejoice in solitude,

In places empty of all conflict and defilement: The peace and stillness of the forest.
86.
Happy those intent on others’ good,
Who roam in pleasant places formed of massive stone, Refreshed by moonlight’s sandal-scented beams,
By gentle woodland breezes soothed!
87.
In caves, beneath the trees, in houses left abandoned, May we linger long as we might wish.
Relinquishing the pain of guarding our possessions, Let us live in freedom, unconfined by cares.
88.
To have such liberty unmarred by craving, Loosed from every bond and tie—
A life of such contentment and such pleasure, Even Indra would be pressed to find!
89.
Reflecting in such ways as these Upon the excellence of solitude, Pacify completely all discursiveness And cultivate the mind of bodhichitta.
90.
Strive at first to meditate
Upon the sameness of yourself and others.97 In joy and sorrow all are equal;
Thus be guardian of all, as of yourself.
91.
The hand and other limbs are many and distinct,
But all are one—the body to be kept and guarded. Likewise, different beings, in their joys and sorrows, Are, like me, all one in wanting happiness.
92.
This pain of mine does not afflict
Or cause discomfort to another’s body, And yet this pain is hard for me to bear Because I cling and take it for my own.
93.
And other beings’ pain
I do not feel, and yet,
Because I take them for myself,98
Their suffering is mine and therefore hard to bear.

94.
And therefore I’ll dispel the pain of others, For it is simply pain, just like my own. And others I will aid and benefit,
For they are living beings, like my body.
95.
Since I and other beings both,
In wanting happiness, are equal and alike, What difference is there to distinguish us, That I should strive to have my bliss alone?
96.
Since I and other beings both,
In fleeing suffering, are equal and alike, What difference is there to distinguish us, That I should save myself and not the others?
97.
Since the pain of others does no harm to me,
I do not shield myself from it.
So why to guard against “my” future pain, Which does no harm to this, my present “me”?
98.
To think that “I will have to bear it” Is in fact a false idea.
For that which dies is one thing; What is born is something else.
99.
“It’s for the sufferers themselves,” you’ll say, “To shield themselves from injuries that come!” The pain felt in my foot is not my hand’s,
So why, in fact, should one protect the other?
100.
“True, it’s inadmissible,” you’ll say,
“It happens simply through the force of ego-clinging.” But what is inadmissible for others and myself
Should be discarded utterly!
101.
Continua and gatherings, so-called,
Like garlands and like armies, are unreal. So there is no one to experience pain
For who is there to be its “owner”?
102.
Suffering has no “possessor,”
Therefore no distinctions can be made in it.

Since pain is pain, it is to be dispelled. What use is there in drawing boundaries?
103.
“But why dispel the pains of all?”
You cannot argue in this way!
If “my” pain is removed, so too should that of “others.” If theirs is not, then neither should be mine.
104.
“Compassion makes us feel such pain,” you say,
“So why should we make efforts to engender it?”
But thinking of the sufferings of beings,
How can you regard as great the smart of your compassion?
105.
And if through such a single pain
A multitude of sorrows can be cured, Such pain as this all loving people Strive to foster in themselves and others.
106.
Thus Supuṣhpachandra,99
Knowing that the king would cause him harm, Did nothing to escape from tribulation,
That the pains of many should be ended.
107.
Those whose minds are practiced in this way, Whose joy it is to soothe another’s ills,
Will venture into hell of Unrelenting Pain
As swans sweep down upon a lotus lake.
108.
The ocean-like immensity of joy
Arising when all beings will be freed,
Will this not be enough? Will this not satisfy?
The wish for my own freedom, what is that to me?
109.
The work of bringing benefit to beings
Will not, then, make me proud and self-admiring. The happiness of others is itself my satisfaction; I do not expect another recompense.
110.
Therefore just as I defend myself
From even slight disparagement,
In just the same way with regard to others,
I should likewise have a mind protective and compassionate.

111.
The drop of sperm and blood100 belonged to others. Yet, through strong habituation,
I came to have in its regard a sense of “I,” Though, in itself, it is devoid of entity.
112.
And so, why not identify
Another’s body, calling it my “I”? And vice versa, why should it be hard To think of this my body as another’s?
113.
Perceiving now the faults possessed by “I,” The ocean of good qualities that are in “other,” I shall lay aside all love of self
And gain the habit of adopting other beings.
114.
Just as hands and other limbs
Are thought of as the members of a body, Can we likewise not consider others
As the limbs and members of a living whole?
115.
Just as in connection with this form, devoid of self, My sense of “I” arose through strong habituation, Why should not the thought of “I,”
Through habit, not arise related to another?
116.
Thus when I work for others’ sake,
There’ll be no sense of boasting self-congratulation. It is just as when I feed myself—
I don’t expect to be rewarded!
117.
Therefore just as I defend myself
From even slight disparagement,
Likewise for beings I shall now grow used
To have a mind protective and compassionate.
118.
This is why the Lord Avalokita
Out of great compassion blessed his name, That those caught in the midst of multitudes Might be released and freed from every fear.101
119.
And so we should be undeterred by hardships, For through the influence of use and habit,

People even come to grieve
For those whose very names struck terror in their hearts!
120.
Those desiring speedily to be
A refuge for themselves and others
Should make the interchange of “I” and “other,” And thus embrace a sacred mystery.
121.
Because of our attachment to our bodies,
Even little things alarm us.
This body, then, this source of so much terror— Who would not detest it as the worst of foes?
122.
Wishing to relieve our bodies’ ills,
Our hungry mouths, the dryness of our throats, We steal the lives of fishes, birds, and deer And lie in wait along the road.
123.
And for the sake of profit and position
Some there are who even kill their parents,
Or steal what has been offered to the Triple Gem,
Because of which, they’ll burn in hell of Unrelenting Pain.
124.
Where are the wise and prudent then Who cherish, guard, and serve the body? Who would not perceive it as their foe, And as their foe, regard it with contempt?
125.
“If I give this, what will be left for me?” Thinking of oneself—the way of evil ghosts. “If I keep this, what will be left to give?” Concern for others is the way of heaven.102
126.
If to serve myself I harm another,
I’ll suffer later in the realms of hell.
But if for others’ sake I harm myself,
Then every excellence will be my heritage.
127.
Wanting what is best for me—
Stupidity, inferiority, and lower realms result! Let this be changed, applied to others— Honors and the realms of bliss will come!

128.
Enslaving others, forcing them to serve me, I will come to know the state of servitude. But if I labor for the good of others, Mastery and leadership will come to me.
129.
All the joy the world contains
Has come through wishing happiness for others. All the misery the world contains
Has come through wanting pleasure for oneself.
130.
Is there need for lengthy explanation? Childish beings look out for themselves; Buddhas labor for the good of others: See the difference that divides them!
131.
If I do not interchange
My happiness for others’ pain, Enlightenment will never be attained,
And even in saṃsāra, joy will fly from me.
132.
Leaving future lives outside the reckoning, Even this life’s needs are not fulfilled:
The servants do not do their work,
And masters do not pay the wages earned.
133.
Casting far away abundant joys
That may be gained in this or future lives, Because of bringing harm to other beings, I ignorantly bring myself intolerable pain.
134.
All the harm with which this world is rife, All fear and suffering that there is, Clinging to the “I” has caused it!
What am I to do with this great demon?
135.
If this “I” is not relinquished wholly, Sorrow likewise cannot be avoided.
If they do not keep away from fire, People can’t escape from being burned.
136.
To free myself from harm
And others from their sufferings,

Let me give myself to others, Loving them as I now love myself.
137.
“For I am now beneath the rule of others,” Of this you must be certain, O my mind. And now no longer shall you have a thought That does not wish the benefit of beings.
138.
My sight and other senses, now the property of others— To use them for myself would be improper.
And it is likewise disallowed
To use my faculties against their owners!
139.
Thus sentient beings will be my chief concern. And everything I see my body has
Will all be seized and offered
For the use and service of all other beings.
140.
Take others—lower, higher, equal—as yourself,103 Identify yourself as “other.”
Then, without another thought,
Immerse yourself in envy, pride, and rivalry.
141.
He’s the center of attention. I am nothing.
And, unlike him, I’m poor without possessions. Everyone looks up to him, despising me,
All goes well for him; for me there’s only bitterness!
142.
All I have is sweat and drudgery,
While he’s there, sitting at his ease.
He’s great, respected in the world,
While I’m the underdog, a well-known nobody.
143.
What! A nobody without distinction? Not true! I do have some good qualities. Compared with some, he’s lower down. Compared with some, I do excel!
144.
My discipline, my understanding have declined, But I am helpless, ruled by my defilements.
As much as he is able, he should cure me.
I will be submissive even to his punishments.

145.
The fact is he does nothing of the sort!
By what right, then, does he belittle me? What use, then, are his qualities to me— Those qualities of which he’s so possessed?
146.
Indifferent to the plight of living beings, Who tread the brink of evil destinies, He makes an outward show of virtues, And even wants to vie with sages.
147.
That I might excel, outstripping him— Him, regarded as my peer and equal! In contests I will certainly secure
My fame and fortune, public renown.
148.
By every means I’ll advertise
My gifts to all the world,
Ensuring that his qualities
Remain unknown, ignored by everyone.
149.
My faults I will conceal, dissimulate.
For I, not he, will be the object of devotion; I, not he, will gain possessions and renown, I will be the center of attention.
150.
I will take such satisfaction
In his evil deeds and degradation.
I will render him despicable,
The butt and laughingstock of everyone.
151.
People say this pitiful nonentity
Is trying to compete with me!
But how can he be on a par
With me, in learning, beauty, wealth, or pedigree?
152.
Just to hear them talk about my excellence, My reputation on the lips of all,
The thrill of it sends shivers down my spine, A pleasure that I bask and revel in!
153.
Even if he does have something, I’m the one he’s working for!

He can keep enough just to survive,
But with my strength I’ll steal the rest away.
154.
I will wear his happiness away;
I will always hurt and injure him. He’s the one who in saṃsāra
Did me mischiefs by the hundred!
155.
Countless ages, O my mind,
You spent, desiring to attain your aims. And what great weariness it was, While your reward was only misery!
156.
And therefore now most certainly
Apply yourself completely to the good of others. The Buddha did not lie in what he said—
You’ll see the benefits that come from it.
157.
If indeed, you had in former times Embraced this work and undertaken it, You could not still be lacking
In the perfect bliss of Buddhahood.
158.
Therefore, just as you identify
A drop of others’ blood and sperm,
And cling to it as though it were yourself,
Now take sentient beings—others—as your self.
159.
Now for others you should spy
On everything your body seems to have. Steal it, take it all away,
And use it for the benefit of others.
160.
I indeed am happy, others sad;
I am high and mighty, others low;
I am helped while others are abandoned: Why am I not jealous of myself?
161.
Happiness, fulfillment: these I give away. The pain of others: this I will embrace. Inquiring of myself repeatedly
I will thus investigate my faults.

162.
When others are at fault, I’ll take
And turn the blame upon myself,
And all my sins, however slight, Declare, and make them known to many.
163.
The fame of others I will magnify
That it might thus outshine my own. Among them I will be as one who serves, My lowly labor for their benefit.
164.
This ego is by nature rife with faults,
Its accidental gifts I should not praise. Whatever qualities it has I’ll so contrive That they remain unknown to everyone.
165.
All the harm, in short, that ego does To its advantage and to others’ cost, May all of it descend upon itself, To its own hurt—to others’ benefit.
166.
Do not let it strut about the place,
So arrogant, so overbearing.
But like a newly wedded bride,
Let it be demure and blushing, timorous and shy!
167.
“Do this!” “Be like that!” “Such things don’t ever do!” It’s thus that you will bring it forcibly to heel.
And if it oversteps the mark,
Well then, apply the lash!
168.
And so, O mind, if still you will refuse, Though you have been so lengthily advised, Since every evil has its roots in you,
You are indeed now ripe for punishment!
169.
The time when you could do me harm
Is in the past and now is here no more.
Now I see you! Where will you escape?
I’ll bring you down with all your haughty insolence.
170.
Let every thought of working for yourself Be utterly rejected, cast aside!

Now that you’ve been sold to others, Stop your whining, be of service!
171.
For if, through being inattentive,
I do not deliver you to others,
You will hand me over, it is certain, To the guards and janitors of hell.
172.
For this is how so many times
You have betrayed me, and how long I’ve suffered! Now my memory is full of rancor,
I will crush your selfish schemes!
173.
And so it is that if I want contentment, I should never seek to please myself. And likewise, if I wish to guard myself, Of others I should always be the guard.
174.
To the extent this human form
Is cosseted and saved from hurt,
Just so, just so, to that degree,
It dwindles to a weak and fretful state.
175.
For those who sink to such a pass, The earth and all it holds
Are powerless to satisfy.
For who can give them all they crave?
176.
Their hopeless craving brings them misery, And evil schemes invade their minds, While those with free, untrammeled hearts, Will never know an end of excellence.
177.
Therefore for the increase of my body’s wants, I’ll give no space, no opportunity.
And of possessions, those things are the best That do not captivate by their attractiveness.
178.
Dust and ashes are the body’s final state—
This body which, inert, is moved by other forces. This form so frightening and foul—
Why do I so regard it as my “self”?

179.
Alive or dead what difference does it make?
What use is this machine to me?
What difference will divide it from a clod of earth? Alas that I don’t rid myself of pride!
180.
Through lavishing attention on this body,
Such sorrow have I brought myself so senselessly. What use is all my wanting, all my hating,
For what indeed is like a log of wood?
181.
Whether I protect and pamper it,
Or whether it is eaten up by carrion birds, This body feels no pleasure, no aversion. Why then do I cherish it so much?
182.
Resentment when it is reviled,
Or pleasure when it is esteemed, Neither of these two my body feels. So why do I exhaust myself?
183.
If I say I do it since it’s loved by other people, Others whom I thus regard as friends,
Since all appreciate the bodies that they have, Why do I not take pleasure in them too?104
184.
Therefore, free from all attachment,
I will give this body for the benefit of beings. And though it is afflicted by so many faults, I shall adopt it as my necessary tool.
185.
And so, enough of all my childish ways. I’ll follow in the footsteps of the wise; Recalling their advice on carefulness, I’ll shun all sleep and mental dullness.
186.
Like the Buddhas’ heirs, in their compassion, I will bear with all that should be borne.
For if I do not labor night and day,
When will my sorrows reach their end?105
187.
Thus to banish all obscuring veils
I’ll bend my mind from the mistaken path;

And constantly upon the perfect object I shall rest my mind in even meditation.

9. Wisdom
 1.
All these branches of the Doctrine
The Enlightened Sage expounded for the sake of wisdom.106 Therefore they must cultivate this wisdom
Who wish to have an end of suffering.
2.
Relative and ultimate,
These the two truths are declared to be.
The ultimate is not within the reach of intellect, For intellect is said to be the relative.107
3.
In light of this, within the world, two kinds of people are observed: Those with yogic insight and the common run of people.
In this regard, the views of ordinary folk
Are undermined by yogis who themselves are in the world108
4.
(Within whose ranks
The lower, in degrees of insight, are confuted by the higher)
By means of the examples that the yogis and the worldly both accept. And for the sake of the result, analysis is left aside.
5.
When ordinary folk perceive phenomena, They look on them as real, and not illusory. This, then, is the subject of debate
Where ordinary and yogis differ.
6.
Forms and so forth, which we all perceive,
Exist by general acclaim but not by valid reasoning. They’re false just like, for instance, unclean things Regarded in the common view as pure.
7.
But that he might instruct the worldly,
Our Protector spoke of “things.”
But these in truth lack even momentariness.
Now if you say it’s wrong to claim the momentary as relative,
8.
There is no fault. For momentariness
Is relative for yogis, but for worldly beings, ultimate. Were it otherwise, the common view
Could fault the yogic insight into corporal impurity.

9.
“Through a Buddha, who is but illusion, how does merit spring?” As if the Buddha were existing truly.
“But,” you ask, “if beings are like illusions,
How, when dying, can they take rebirth?”
10.
As long as the conditions are assembled, Illusions, likewise, will persist and manifest. Why, through simply being more protracted, Should sentient beings be regarded as more real?
11.
If one kills or harms the magical illusion of a man,
There is no mind in such a thing and therefore there’s no sin. But beings do indeed have mirage-like minds;
Sin and merit will, in consequence, arise.
12.
There is no power in things like spells,
So mirage-like minds do not occur through them. Illusions spring from various causes;
Thus illusions are of different kinds.
13.
A single cause for everything
There never was!
“If ultimately, beings are in nirvāṇa,” you will say, “But relatively circle in saṃsāra,
14.
“Even Buddhahood reverts to the saṃsāric state. So why,” you ask, “pursue the Bodhisattva path?” As long as there’s no cutting of the causal stream, There is no halting even of illusory displays.
15.
But when the causal stream is severed,
Even relative phenomena do not appear.
“If even that which is deceived does not exist, What is it,” you will ask, “that sees illusion?”
16.
But if, for you, these same illusions have no being, What, indeed, is there to be perceived?
“But objects have another mode of being,” you will say, “That very mode is but the mind itself.”
17.
But if the mirage is the mind itself, What is then perceived by what?

The Guardian of the World himself has said That mind cannot be seen by mind.
18.
In just the same way, he has said,
The sword’s edge cannot cut the sword. “But,” you say, “it’s like the flame That perfectly illuminates itself.”
19.
The flame, in fact, can never light itself.
And why? Because the darkness never dims it! “The blueness of a thing by nature blue,” you say, “Depends, unlike a crystal, upon nothing else.
20.
“Likewise some perceptions
Come from other things, while some do not.”
But something that’s by nature blue has never of itself imposed A blueness on its non-blue self.
21.
The phrase “The lamp illuminates itself” The mind can know and formulate.
But what is there to know and say
That “mind is self-illuminating?”
22.
The mind, indeed, is never seen by anything.
And therefore, whether it can know, or cannot know, itself, Is like the beauty of a barren woman’s daughter: Something that it’s pointless to discuss.
23.
“But if,” you ask, “the mind is not self-knowing,
How does it remember what it knew?”
We say that, like the poison of the water rat,
It’s through the link with things experienced that memory occurs.
24.
“In certain cases,” you will say, “the mind
Can see the minds of others, how then not itself?”
But through the application of a magic balm,
The eye may see the treasure, but the salve it does not see.
25.
It’s not indeed our purpose to disprove
Experiences of sight or sound or knowing.
Our aim is here to undermine the cause of sorrow: The thought that such phenomena have true existence.

26.
“Illusions are not other than the mind,” you say, And yet you don’t consider them the same.
How could they not be different if the mind is real? And how can mind be real if you deny a difference?
27.
Although it is unreal, a mirage can be seen;
And that which sees is just the same.
“But saṃsāra must be based on something real,” you say, “Or else it is like empty space.”
28.
But how could the unreal be causally effective, Even if it rests on something real?
This mind of yours is isolated and alone, Alone, in solitude, and unaccompanied.
29.
If the mind indeed is free of objects,
All beings must be Buddhas, Thus-Gone and enlightened. And so, what purpose can there be
In saying thus, that there is “Only Mind”?
30.
“Even if we know that all is like illusion,
How,” you ask, “will this dispel afflictive passion? Magicians may indeed themselves desire
The mirage-women they themselves create.”
31.
The reason is they have not rid themselves Of habits of desiring objects of perception; And when they gaze upon such things, Their aptitude for emptiness is weak indeed.
32.
By training in this aptitude for emptiness,
The habit to perceive real things will be relinquished. By training in the thought “There isn’t anything,” This view itself will also be abandoned.
33.
“There is nothing”—when this is asserted, No thing is there to be examined.
How can a “nothing,” wholly unsupported, Rest before the mind as something present?
34.
When something and its nonexistence Both are absent from before the mind,

No other option does the latter have:
It comes to perfect rest, from concepts free.
35.
As the wishing jewel and tree of miracles
Fulfill and satisfy all hopes and wishes,
Likewise, through their prayers for those who might be trained, The physical appearance of the Conquerors occurs.
36.
The healing shrine of the garuḍa,
Even when its builder was long dead, Continued even ages thence
To remedy and soothe all plagues and venom.
37.
Likewise having gained the “shrine of victory”
In accordance with their deeds for sake of Buddhahood, Though Bodhisattvas pass beyond all grief,
They yet can satisfy all ends.
38.
“But how,” you ask, “can offerings made
To beings freed from all discursiveness give fruit?” It’s said that whether Buddhas live or pass beyond, The offerings made to them are equal in their merit.
39.
Whether you assert them in the ultimate or relative, Merit, so the scriptures say, arises,
Just as there will be results
When Buddhas are considered truly real.
40.
“We’re free,” you say, “through seeing the (Four) Truths— What use is it to us, this view of emptiness?”
But as the scriptures have themselves proclaimed,
Without this path there can be no enlightenment.
41.
You say the Mahāyāna has no certainty.
But how do you substantiate your own tradition? “Because it is accepted by both parties,” you will say. But at the outset, you yourself lacked proof!
42.
The reasons why you trust in your tradition
May likewise be applied to Mahāyāna.
Moreover, if accord between two parties shows the truth, The Vedas and the rest are also true.

43.
“Mahāyāna is at fault,” you say, “because it is contested.” But Buddhist texts are questioned by extremists,
While Buddhists also vie among themselves;
And so your own tradition you must now abandon.
44.
The true monk is the root of Dharma, And to be a monk is difficult indeed.
It’s hard for minds enmeshed in thoughts To pass beyond the bonds of suffering.
45.
You say there’s liberation in the instant That defilements are entirely forsaken.
Yet those who from defilements are set free Continue to display the influence of karma.
46.
“Only for a while,” you say. “For it is certain
That the causes of rebirth, their cravings, are no more.”
They have no craving, granted, through defilement,
But like their ignorance, why should they not have craving undefiled?
47.
This craving is produced by virtue of sensation, And sensation, this they surely have.
Concepts linger still within their minds;
And it is to these concepts that they cling.
48.
The mind that has not realized voidness, May be halted, but will once again arise, Just as from a non-perceptual absorption. Therefore one must train in emptiness.
49.
If all the words recorded in the sūtras
You admit to be the Buddha’s perfect speech,
Why don’t you now accept the greater part of Mahāyāna, With which your sūtras are in perfect harmony?109
50.
If due to just a single jarring element,
The whole is held to be at fault,
Why should a single sūtra in agreement with your texts Not vindicate the rest as Buddha’s teaching?
51.
Mahākāshyapa110 himself and others
Could not sound the depths of such a teaching.

Who will therefore say that they’re to be rejected Just because they are not grasped by you?
52.
To linger and abide within saṃsāra,
Freed from every craving and from every fear,
In order to achieve the good of those who ignorantly suffer: Such is the fruit that emptiness will bear.
53.
Therefore it is incorrect
To find fault with this view of emptiness. And so, with every doubt abandoned, We should meditate on it!
54.
Afflictive passion and the veil upon cognition— The cure for their obscurity is emptiness.
How then shall they not meditate on this
Who wish for swift attainment of omniscience?
55.
Whatever is the source of suffering,
Let that be the object of our fear.
But voidness will allay our every grief, How could it be for us a thing of dread?
56.
If such a thing as “I” exists indeed, Then terrors, granted, will torment it. But since no self or “I” exists at all, What is there left for fears to terrify?
57.
The teeth, the hair, the nails are not the “I,”
And “I” is not the bones or blood,
The mucus from the nose and phlegm are not the “I,” And neither is it made of lymph or pus.
58.
The “I” is not the body’s grease or sweat,
The lungs and liver likewise do not constitute it. Neither are the inner organs “I,”
Nor yet the body’s excrement and waste.
59.
The flesh and skin are not the “I,”
And neither are the body’s warmth and breath.
The cavities within the frame are not the “I,”
And “I” is not accounted for in sixfold consciousness.

60.
If the hearing consciousness is permanent,
It follows that it’s hearing all the time.
And if there is no object, what does it cognize? On what grounds do you call it consciousness?
61.
If something that’s unconscious knows,
It follows that a stick has knowledge also. Therefore in the absence of a thing to know, It’s clear that consciousness will not arise.
62.
If the selfsame consciousness detects a form, At that time, why does it not hear?
Perhaps you say the sound’s no longer there. Then neither is there consciousness of sound.
63.
How could that which has the nature of a sound-perceiver Ever be transformed into a form-perceiver?
“A single man,” you say, “can be both son and father.” But these are merely names; his nature is not so.
64.
And likewise “pain,” “neutrality,” and “pleasure” Are neither fatherhood nor sonship;
And we indeed have never yet observed
A consciousness of form perceiving sound.
65.
“But like an actor,” you reply, “it takes a different role and sees.” If so, this consciousness is not a constant thing.
And if its later mode is still the first,
That’s identity indeed and never seen before!
66.
“But its different modes,” you say, “are quite unreal.” Its essence therefore you must now describe.
You say that this is simply knowing.
It follows that all beings are a single thing.
67.
What has mind and what does not have mind Are thus identical, for both are equal in existing. If the different kinds of mind are all unreal, What common basis can there be for them?
68.
Something destitute of mind, we hold, is not a self. For mindlessness means matter, like a vase.

“But,” you say, “the self has consciousness when joined to mind.” Then this refutes its nature of unconsciousness.
69.
If the self, moreover, is immutable,
What change in it could mingling with the mind produce? And selfhood we might equally affirm
Of empty space, inert and destitute of mind.
70.
“If self does not exist,” you say,
“There is no link connecting actions with results. If when the deed is done, the doer is no more, Who is there to reap the karmic fruit?”
71.
The bases of the act and fruit are not the same, In both a self is without scope for action.
This is valid both for you and us;
What point is there, therefore, in our debate?
72.
“A cause coterminous with its result”
Is something quite impossible to see.
And only in the context of a single mental stream
Can it be said that one who acts will later reap the fruit.
73.
The thoughts now passed, and those to come, are not the self; They are no more, or are not yet.
Is then the self the thought which now is born?
If so, it sinks to nothing when the latter fades.
74.
For instance, we may take banana trees— Cutting through the fibers, finding nothing. Likewise analytical investigation
Will find no “I,” no underlying self.
75.
“If beings,” you will say, “have no existence, Who will be the object of compassion?” Those whom ignorance imputes,
For whose sake we have pledged ourselves.
76.
“If,” you ask, “there are no beings, who will gain the fruit?” It’s true! It is through ignorance that they are said to be!
But for the total vanquishing of sorrow,
The goal, which ignorance conceives, should not be spurned.

77.
The source of sorrow is the pride of saying “I,”
It’s fostered and increased by false belief in self. To this you may believe that there is no redress, But meditation on no-self will be the supreme way.
78.
What we call the body is not feet or shins;
The body, likewise, is not thighs or loins.
It’s not the belly nor indeed the back,
And from the chest and arms the body is not formed.
79.
The body is not ribs or hands,
Armpits, shoulders, bowels, or entrails. It is not the head, and it is not the throat. What is the “body,” then, in all of this?
80.
If the “body” spreads itself
And with the members coincides,
Its parts indeed are present in those parts. But where does “body,” in itself, abide?
81.
But if the “body,” single and entire
Is present in the hands and other members,
However many parts there are, the hands and all the rest, You’ll find an equal quantity of “bodies.”
82.
If “body” is not outside or within its parts, How is it, then, residing in its members? And since it is not other than its parts, How can you say that it exists at all?
83.
Thus there is no “body.” It is through illusion,
With regard to hands and other parts, that “body” as a notion is conceived— Just as on account of its specific shape
A pile of stones is taken for a man.
84.
As long as the conditions are assembled, The body will appear to be a man.
As long as all the parts are likewise present, A body will appear therein.
85.
Likewise, since it is a group of fingers, The hand itself does not exist as such.
And so it is with fingers, made of joints— And joints themselves consist of many parts.
86.
These parts themselves will break down into particles,
And particles divide according to direction.
These fragments, too, lack partless parts; they are like space. Thus even particles have no existence.
87.
All form, therefore, is like a dream,
And who will be attached to it, who thus investigates? The body, in this way, has no existence;
What, therefore, is male and what is female?
88.
If suffering itself is truly real,
Why is joy not altogether quenched thereby? If pleasure’s real, then why will pleasant tastes Not comfort and amuse a man in agony?
89.
If the feeling fails to be experienced,
Through being overwhelmed by something stronger, How can “feeling” rightly be ascribed
To that which lacks the character of being felt?
90.
Perhaps you say that only subtle pain remains, Its grosser form has now been overmastered— Or rather it is felt as “mere pleasure.”
But what is subtle still remains itself.
91.
If, because its opposite is present, Discomfort fails to manifest,
Is not the claim that it’s a “feeling” No more than a mental imputation?
92.
Since so it is, the antidote
Is meditation and analysis.
Absorption grown in fields of their investigation Is indeed the food and sustenance of yogis.
93.
If between the sense power and a thing
There is a space, how will the two terms meet? And if there is no space, they form a unity, And therefore what is it that meets with what?
94.
No penetration can there be of particle by particle, For they are both the same in lacking volume.
But if they do not penetrate, they do not merge; And if they do not merge, there’s no encounter.
95.
For how could anyone accept
That what is partless could be said to meet?
And you must show me, if you ever saw,
A contact taking place between two partless things.
96.
Consciousness is immaterial,
And so one cannot speak of contact with it. A combination, too, has no reality,
Just as we have previously shown.
97.
If therefore there’s no touch or contact, Whence is it that feeling takes its rise? What purpose is there, then, in all our toil, For what is it, indeed, that torments what?
98.
Since there is no subject for sensation, And sensation, too, lacks all existence, How is craving not arrested
When all this is clearly understood?
99.
What we see and what we touch
Is stuff of dreams and mirages.
If feeling is coincident with consciousness, It follows that it is not seen thereby.
100.
If the one arises first, the other after, Memory occurs and not direct sensation. Sensation is without perception of itself And likewise, by another it is not perceived.
101.
The agent of sensation has no real existence, Thus sensation, likewise, has no being.
What damage, therefore, can sensation do to it— This aggregate deprived of self?
102.
The mind within the senses does not dwell, It has no place in outer things like form.
And in between, the mind does not abide:
Not out, not in, not elsewhere, can the mind be found.
103.
It is not in the body, yet is nowhere else.
It does not merge with it nor stand apart—
Something such as this does not exist, not even slightly. Beings by their nature are beyond the reach of suffering.
104.
If consciousness precedes the cognized object,
With regard to what does it arise?
If consciousness arises at the same time as its object, Again, regarding what does it arise?
105.
If consciousness comes later than its object, Once again, from what does it arise?
Thus the origin of all phenomena
Exceeds the reach of understanding.
106.
“If this is so,” you say, “there is no relative,
And then the two truths—what becomes of them? Moreover, if the relative derives from beings’ minds, How can they pass beyond their sorrows?”
107.
But that is just the thought of others;
It is not what I mean by the relative.
If subsequently there are thoughts, the relative’s still there; If not, the relative has ceased indeed.
108.
The analyzing mind and what is analyzed Are linked together, mutually dependent.
It is on the basis of conventional consensus That all investigation is expressed.
109.
“But when,” you say, “the process of analysis Is made, in turn, the object of our scrutiny, This investigation likewise may be analyzed, And thus we find an infinite regress.”
110.
If phenomena are truly analyzed,
No basis for analysis remains.
And when the object is removed, the subject too subsides. That indeed is said to be nirvāṇa.
111.
Those who say that both are true,
Are hard-pressed to maintain their case.
If consciousness reveals the truth of things,
On what grounds, in its turn, does consciousness exist?
112.
If knowledge objects show that consciousness exists, What is it that shows that they exist?
If both subsist through mutual dependence,
Both will thereby lose their true existence.
113.
If, without a son, a man cannot be father,
Whence, indeed, will such a son arise?
There is no father in the absence of a son.
Just so, the mind and object have no true existence.
114.
“The plant arises from the seed,” you say,
“And through it is the seed deduced.
It’s just the same with consciousness arising from its object. How can it fail to show the thing’s existence?”
115.
A consciousness that’s different from the plant itself Deduces the existence of the seed.
But what will show that consciousness exists, Whereby the object is itself established?
116.
In everyday perception
There’s a cause for everything.
The different segments of the lotus flower Arise from a variety of causes.
117.
“But what gives rise,” you ask, “to such variety of causes?” An even earlier variety of causes, we declare.
“And how,” you ask, “do causes give their fruits?” Through power, we answer, of preceding causes.
118.
If Īshvara is held to be the cause of beings, You must now define for us his nature.
If, by this, you simply mean the elements, No need to tire ourselves disputing names!
119.
Yet earth and other elements are many, Impermanent, inert, without divinity.
Trampled underfoot, they are impure,
And thus they cannot be a God Omnipotent.
120.
The Deity cannot be space—inert and unproductive.
He cannot be the self, for this we have refuted.
He’s inconceivable, they say—then likewise his creatorship. Is there any point, therefore, to such a claim?
121.
What is it that he wishes to create?
Has he made the self and all the elements?
But are not self and elements and he himself eternal? And consciousness, we know, arises from its object.
122.
Pain and pleasure have, from all time, sprung from karma, So tell us, what has his Divinity produced?
And if there’s no beginning in the cause,
How can there be beginnings in its fruits?
123.
Why are creatures not created constantly, For Īshvara relies on nothing but himself? And if there’s nothing that he has not made, What remains on which he might depend?
124.
If Īshvara depends, the cause of all
Is but the meeting of conditions and not Īshvara. When these obtain, he cannot but create;
When these are absent, he is powerless to make.
125.
If Almighty God does not intend,
But yet creates, another thing has forced him.
If he wishes to create, he’s swayed by his desire. So even though Creator, what of his omnipotence?
126.
Those who hold the permanence of particles
Were indeed refuted earlier.
The Sāṃkhyas are the ones who hold
That permanent prakṛiti is the cause of the evolving world.
127.
“Pleasure,” “pain,” “neutrality,” so-called,
Are qualities which, when they rest
In equilibrium are termed “prakṛiti.”
The universe arises when this balance is disturbed.
128.
Three natures in a unity are disallowed, And thus prakṛiti is without existence. These qualities likewise do not exist, For each of them indeed is three.
129.
If these qualities have no existence,
A thing like sound is very far from plausible! And cloth and other mindless objects
Cannot be the seat of feelings such as pleasure.
130.
“But,” you say, “these things possess the nature of their cause.” But have we not investigated “things” already?
For you the cause is “pleasure” and the like,
And yet from pleasure, cloth has never sprung!
131.
Pleasure, rather, is produced from cloth.
If this is nonexistent, pleasure likewise.
As for permanence of pleasure and the rest— Well, there’s a thing that’s never been observed!
132.
If pleasure and the rest are manifestly present, How comes it that they’re not perceived? And if you claim they take on subtle form, How is it that they are both gross and subtle?
133.
If coarseness is abandoned, subtlety assumed, Subtlety and grossness both lack permanence. So why not grant that, in this way,
All things possess the character of transience?
134.
If the coarser aspect is none other than the pleasure, It’s clear that pleasure is itself impermanent.
If you claim that what does not exist in any sense (Because it has no being) cannot manifest,
135.
Although you have denied the birth of things
That did not previously exist, it’s this that you’re now saying! But if results exist within their cause,
Those who eat their food consume their excrement.
136.
And likewise with the money they would spend on clothing, Let them rather buy the cotton grains to wear!
“But,” you say, “the world is ignorant and blind. For this is taught by ‘those who know the truth.’”
137.
This knowledge must be present in the worldly too!
And if they have it, why do they not see?
If now you say that what the worldly see has no validity, This means that what they clearly see is false.
138.
“If,” you ask, “there’s no validity in valid knowledge, Is not all that it assesses false?
And therefore it becomes untenable
To meditate on voidness, ultimate reality.”
139.
If there is no object for analysis,
There can be no grasping of its nonexistence. And so deceptive objects of whatever kind
Will also have a nonexistence equally deceptive.
140.
When therefore in one’s dream a child has died, The state of mind that thinks it is no more Supplants the thought that it is living still.
And yet both thoughts are equally deceptive.
141.
Therefore, as we see through such investigation, Nothing is that does not have a cause;
And nothing is existent in its causes
Taken one by one or in the aggregate.
142.
It does not come from somewhere else, Neither does it stay nor yet depart.
How will what confusion takes for truth In any sense be different from a mirage?
143.
Things, then, bodied forth by magic spells,
And that which is displayed by dint of causes— Whence have these arisen? we should ask;
And where they go to, that we should examine!
144.
What is seen when circumstances meet And is not seen in absence of the same Is not real; it is like an image in a mirror. How can true existence be ascribed to it?
145.
What need is there for cause
In something that’s already real?
But then, what need is there for cause In something that does not exist?
146.
Even through a hundred million causes,
No change takes place in nonexistent things,
For in that state of “non-thing,” how could “things” occur? And into what could nonexistent things transform?
147.
Since things cannot become when they are nonexistent, When could such existent things occur?
For insofar as entities do not arise,
Nonentities themselves will not depart.
148.
And if nonentity is not dispersed,
No chance is there for entity to manifest. And entity cannot be changed into nonentity, For otherwise it has a double nature.
149.
Thus there are no entities
And likewise there’s no ceasing of the same. And therefore beings, each and every one, Are without origin and never cease.
150.
Wandering beings, thus, resemble dreams,
And also the banana tree, if you examine well.
In ultimate reality there’s no distinguishing Between the states of sorrow and beyond all sorrow.
151.
With things that in this way are empty What is there to gain and what to lose? Who is there to pay me court and honors, And who is there to scorn and to revile me?
152.
Pleasure, sorrow—whence do these arise? What is there to give me joy and pain? And if I search their very suchness,
Who is craving? What is craved?
153.
Examine now this world of living beings: Who is there therein to pass away?
What is there to come, and what has been? And who, indeed, are relatives and friends?
154.
May beings like myself discern and grasp That all things have the character of space! But those who seek their happiness and ease, Through disputes or enjoyments,
155.
All are deeply troubled, or else thrilled with joy. They suffer, strive, contend among themselves, Slashing, stabbing, injuring each other:
They live their lives engulfed in evil and travail.
156.
From time to time they surface in the states of bliss, Abandoning themselves to many pleasures.
But dying, down they fall to suffer torment,
Long, unbearable, in realms of sorrow.
157.
Many are the chasms and abysses of existence, Where the truth of suchness is not found.
All is contradiction, all denial;
in this world is not like this.
158.
Here, exceeding all description,
Is the shoreless sea of pain unbearable. Here it is that strength is low,
And lives are flickering and brief.
159.
All activities for sake of life and health,
Relief of hunger and of weariness,
Time consumed in sleep, all accident and injury, And sterile friendships with the childish—
160.
Thus life passes quickly, meaningless. True discernment—hard it is to have!
How therefore shall we ever find the means To curb the futile wanderings of the mind?
161.
Further, evil forces work and strain
To cast us down into the states of woe; Manifold are false, deceptive trails, And it is hard to dissipate our doubts.
162.
Hard it is to find again this state of freedom,
Harder yet to come upon enlightened teachers, Hard, indeed, to turn aside the torrent of defilement! Alas, our sorrows fall in endless streams!
163.
Alas indeed that living beings, Carried on the flood of bitter pain, However terrible their plight may be, Do not perceive they suffer so!
164.
They are like those who bathe themselves repeatedly And then proceed to scorch themselves with fire. They suffer greatly in this way,
Yet there they stay, proclaiming loud their bliss.
165.
Likewise there are some who live and act
As though old age and death will never come to them. But first they’re slain and then there comes
The dreadful fall into the states of loss.
166.
When shall I be able to allay and quench
The dreadful heat of suffering’s blazing fires With plenteous rains of my own bliss
That pour torrential from my clouds of merit?
167.
My wealth of merit gathered in,
With reverence but without conceptual target,
When shall I reveal this truth of emptiness
To those who go to ruin through belief in real existence?
10. Dedication
By all the virtue I have now amassed
By composition of this book, which speaks
Of entry to the Bodhisattva way,
May every being tread the path to Buddhahood.
2.
May beings everywhere who suffer Torment in their minds and bodies Have, by virtue of my merit,
Joy and happiness in boundless measure.
3.
As long as they may linger in saṃsāra, May their joy be undiminished;
May they taste of unsurpassed beatitude In constant and unbroken continuity.
4.
Throughout the spheres and reaches of the world, In hellish states as many as there are,
May beings who abide there taste
The bliss and peace of Sukhāvatī.111
5.
May those caught in the freezing ice be warmed, And from great clouds of Bodhisattvas
Torrents rain in boundless streams
To cool those burning in infernal fires.
6.
May forests where the leaves are blades and swords Become sweet groves and pleasant woodland glades. And may the trees of miracles appear,
Supplanting those upon the hill of Shālmali.112
7.
And may the very pits of hell be sweet
With fragrant pools all perfumed with the scent of lotuses, And lovely with the cries of swan and goose
And waterfowl so pleasing to the ear.
8.
May fiery coals turn into heaps of jewels,
The burning ground become an even crystal floor, May crushing hills become sublime abodes: Offering temples, dwellings of the Buddhas.
9.
May the hail of weapons, lava, fiery stones Become henceforth a rain of flowers.
And all the mutual woundings with sharp blades Be now a rain of flowers thrown in play.
10.
And those engulfed in fiery Vaitaraṇī,
Their flesh destroyed, their bones bleached white as kunda flowers, May they, through all my merits’ strength, have godlike forms
And sport with goddesses in Mandākinī’s peaceful streams.113
11.
“What fear is it,” they’ll ask, “that grips the henchmen of the Deadly Lord,
the frightful vultures, and the carrion crows?
What noble strength is it that brings us joy and drives away our dreadful night?” And looking skyward they will see the shining form of Vajrapāṇi.
Then may their sins be quenched in joy and may they go to him.
12.
And when they see the seething lava-flood of hell
Extinguished in a rain of blossoms, drenched in fragrant streams,
At once fulfilled in bliss, they’ll ask, “How can this be?”
May then the denizens of hell behold the One Who Holds the Lotus.114
13.
“Friends, throw away your fears and quickly gather here. For who is it who comes to us to banish dread,
this gleaming youth with bound-up hair,
This loving Bodhisattva saving and protecting every being, Whose power relieves all pain, bestowing joy?
14.
“Behold the hundred gods who lay their crowns before his lotus feet,
The rain of flowers that falls upon his head, his eyes moist with compassion, The splendor of his house that echoes praises of a thousand goddesses!” May those in hell thus cry on seeing Mañjughoṣha.
15.
And likewise, through my roots of virtue,
Seeing Bodhisattvas like Samantabhadra, free from stain, Those clouds of bliss all laden with a cooling scented rain, May all those languishing in hell come now to perfect joy.
16.
And may the stooping animals be freed
From fear of being preyed upon, each other’s food. And may the famished spirits have such joy
As those who dwell within the northern continent.115
17.
And may they be replete and satisfied
By streams of milk that pour
From noble Lord Avalokita’s hand,
And bathing in it, may they be refreshed and cooled.
18.
And may the blind receive their sight, And may the deaf begin to hear,
And women near their time bring forth, Like Māyādevī,116 free from all travail.
19.
And may the naked now be clothed,
And all the hungry eat their fill.
And may those parched with thirst receive Pure waters and delicious drink.
20.
May the poor and destitute find wealth,
The haggard and the careworn, joy.
May those now in despair be whole in mind, Endowed with sterling constancy.
21.
May every being ailing with disease
Be freed at once from every malady.
May every sickness that afflicts the living
Be wholly and forever absent from the world.
22.
May those who go in dread have no more fear. May captives be unchained and now set free. And may the weak receive their strength.
May living beings help each other in kindness.
23.
May travelers upon the road
Find happiness no matter where they go, And may they gain, without the need of toil, The goals on which they set their hearts.
24.
May those who put to sea in boat or ship, Attain the ports that they desire,
And may they safely come to shore
And sweet reunion with their kith and kin.
25.
May those who lose their way and wander In the wild find fellow travelers.
And safe from threat of thieves and savage beasts, May they be tireless and their journey light.
26.
May children and the aged, and all those without protection Wandering in the fearful, pathless wastes,
Who fall asleep unconscious of their peril,
Have pure celestial beings as their guardians.
27.
May all be freed from states of bondage,
May they be possessed of wisdom, faith, and love.
With perfect sustenance and conduct,
May they always have remembrance of their former lives.
28.
May everyone have unrestricted wealth Just like the treasury of space, Enjoying it according to their wish, Without a trace of harm or enmity.
29.
May beings destitute of splendor,
Be magnificent and bright.
And those who suffer from deformity Acquire great beauty and perfection.
30.
May all the women of the world
Attain the strength of masculinity.117
And may the lowly come to excellence,
The proud and haughty lose their arrogance.
31.
And thus by all the merit I have gained, May every being, leaving none aside, Abandon all their evil ways
Embracing goodness now and ever more.
32.
From  may they never separate,
And constantly engage in Bodhisattva actions. May they be accepted as disciples by the Buddhas, Drawing back from what is demons’ work.
33.
And may these beings, each and every one, Enjoy an unsurpassed longevity.
Living always in contentment,
May the very name of death be strange to them.
34.
In all the ten directions and on every side
May groves of wish-fulfilling trees abound, Resounding with the sweetness of the Teachings, Spoken by the Buddhas and their Bodhisattva heirs.
35.
And may the earth be wholesome everywhere, Free from boulders, cliffs, and chasms,
Flat and even like a level palm,
And smooth like lapis lazuli.
36.
For many circles of disciples,
May multitudes of Bodhisattvas
Live in every land,
Adorning them with every excellence.
37.
From birdsong and the sighing of the trees, From shafts of light and from the sky itself, May living beings, each and every one, Perceive the constant sound of Dharma.
38.
And always may they come into the presence of the Buddhas, And meet with Bodhisattvas, offspring of the same.
With clouds of offerings unbounded,
May the teachers of the world be worshipped.
39.
May kindly spirits bring the rains on time, For harvests to be rich and plentiful.
May princes rule according to the Dharma; May the world be blessed with all prosperity.
40.
May medicines be full of strength;
May secret words of power be chanted with success. May spirits of the air that feed on flesh
Be kind, their minds imbued with pity.
41.
May beings never suffer anguish.
Let them not be sick nor evilly behave.
May they have no fear, nor suffer insults. Always may their minds be free from sorrow.
42.
In monasteries, temples, and the like, May reading and reciting widely flourish.
May harmony prevail among the Saṅgha; May its purposes be all fulfilled.
43.
May ordained monks, intent upon the practice, Find perfect places for retreat in solitude, Abandon every vagrant thought,
And meditate with trained and serviceable minds.
44.
May nuns have all their wants supplied; May quarreling and spite be strange to them. Let all who have embraced monastic life Uphold a pure and unimpaired observance.
45.
May those who break their discipline repent,
And always may they strive to cleanse away their faults. And thus may they acquire a fortunate rebirth,
Wherein to practice stainless discipline.
46.
May wise and learned beings be revered, And always be sustained by alms.
May they be pure in mind,
And may their fame spread far and wide.
47.
May beings never languish in the lower realms, May pain and hardship be unknown to them. With bodies greater than the gods,
May they attain enlightenment without delay.
48.
May beings time and time again
Make offerings to all the Buddhas.
And with the Buddha’s unimagined bliss
May they enjoy undimmed and constant happiness.
49.
May all the Bodhisattvas now fulfill
Their high intention for the sake of wanderers. May sentient beings now obtain
All that their Guardians wish for them.
50.
And may the Hearers and Gain their perfect happiness.
51.
And till, through Mañjughoṣha’s perfect kindness, I attain the ground of Perfect Joy,119
May I remember all my lives And enter into the monastic state.
52.
Thus may I abide, sustained
By simple, ordinary fare.
And in every life obtain
A dwelling place in perfect solitude.
53.
Whenever I desire to gaze on him
Or put to him the slightest question, May I behold with unobstructed sight My own protector Mañjughoṣha.
54.
To satisfy the needs of beings
Dwelling in the ten directions, to the margins of the sky, May I reflect in all my deeds
The perfect exploits of Mañjushrī.
55.
And now as long as space endures,
As long as there are beings to be found, May I continue likewise to remain
To drive away the sorrows of the world.
56.
The pains and sorrows of all wandering beings— May they ripen wholly on myself.
And may the virtuous company of Bodhisattvas Always bring about the happiness of beings.
57.
May the Doctrine, only cure for sorrow,
Source of every bliss and happiness,
Be blessed with wealth, upheld with veneration, And throughout a vast continuance of time, endure!
58.
And now to I prostrate,
Whose kindness is the wellspring of my good intent. And to my virtuous friends I also bow
Whose inspiration gave me strength to grow.
Among the founders of religions the Buddha (if we are permitted to call him the founder of a religion in the popular sense of the term) was the only teacher who did not claim to be other than a human being, pure and simple. Other teachers were either God, or his incarnations in different forms, or inspired by him. The Buddha was not only a human being; he claimed no inspiration from any god or external power either. He attributed all his realization, attainments and achievements to human endeavour and human intelligence. A man and only a man can become a Buddha. Every man has within himself the potentiality of becoming a Buddha, if he so wills it and endeavours. We can call the Buddha a man par excellence. He was so perfect in his ‘human-ness’ that he came to be regarded later in popular religion almost as ‘super-human’.

Man’s position, according to Buddhism, is supreme. Man is his own master, and there is no higher being or power that sits in judgment over his destiny.

‘One is one’s own refuge, who else could be the refuge?’[1] said the Buddha. He admonished his disciples to ‘be a refuge to themselves’, and never to seek refuge in or help from anybody else.[2] He taught, encouraged and stimulated each person to develop himself and to work out his own emancipation, for man has the power to liberate himself from all bondage through his own personal effort and intelligence. The Buddha says: ‘You should do your work, for the Tathāgatas[3] only teach the way.’[4] If the Buddha is to be called a ‘saviour’ at all, it is only in the sense that he discovered and showed the Path to Liberation, Nirvāṇa. But we must tread the Path ourselves.

It is on this principle of individual responsibility that the Buddha allows freedom to his disciples. In thethe Buddha says that he never thought of controlling the Sangha (Order of Monks),[5] nor he did want the Sangha to depend on him. He said that there was no esoteric doctrine in his teaching, nothing hidden in the ‘closed-fist of the teacher’ (ācariya-muṭṭhi), or to put it in other words, there never was anything ‘up his sleeve’.[6]

The freedom of thought allowed by the Buddha is unheard of elsewhere in the history of religions. This freedom is necessary because, according to the Buddha, man’s emancipation depends on his own realization of Truth, and not on the benevolent grace of a god or any external power as a reward for his obedient good behaviour.

The Buddha once visited a small town called Kesaputta in the kingdom of Kosala. The inhabitants of his town were known by the common name Kālāma. When they heard that the Buddha was in their town, the Kālāmas paid him a visit, and told him:

‘Sir, there are some recluses and brāhmaṇas who visit Kesaputta. They explain and illumine only their own doctrines, and despise, condemn and spurn others’ doctrines. Then come other recluses and brāhmaṇas, and they, too, in their turn, explain and illumine only their own doctrines, and despise, condemn and spurn others’ doctrines. But, for us, Sir, we have always doubt and perplexity as to who among these venerable recluses and brāhmaṇas spoke the truth, and who spoke falsehood.’

Then the Buddha gave them this advice unique in the history of religions:

‘Yes, Kālāmas, it is proper that you have doubt, that you have perplexity, for a doubt has arisen in a matter which is doubtful. Now, look you  do not be led by reports, or tradition, or hearsay. Be not led by the authority of religious texts, nor by mere logic or inference, nor by considering appearances, nor by the delight in speculative opinions, nor by seeming possibilities, nor by the idea: ‘this is our teacher’. But, O Kālāmas, when you know for yourselves that certain things are unwholesome, and wrong, and bad, then give them up … And when you know for yourselves that certain things are wholesome and good, then accept them and follow them.’[7]

The Buddha went even further. He told the that a disciple should examine even the (Buddha) himself, so that he (the disciple) might be fully convinced of the true value of the teacher whom he followed.[8]

According to the Buddha’s teaching, doubt is one of the five Hindrances to the clear understanding of Truth and to spiritual progress (or for that matter to any progress). Doubt, however, is not a ‘sin’, because there are no articles of faith in Buddhism. In fact there is no ‘sin’ in Buddhism, as sin is understood in some religions. The root of all evil is ignorance (avijjā) and false views (micchā diṭṭhi). It is an undeniable fact that as long as there is doubt, perplexity, wavering, no progress is possible. It is also equally undeniable that there must be doubt as long as one does not understand or see clearly. But in order to progress further it is absolutely necessary to get rid of doubt. To get rid of doubt one has to see clearly.

There is no point in saying that one should not doubt or one should believe. Just to say ‘I believe’ does not mean that you understand and see. When a student works on a mathematical problem, he comes to a stage beyond which he does not know how to proceed, and where he is in doubt and perplexity. As long as he has this doubt, he cannot proceed. If he wants to proceed, he must resolve this doubt. And there are ways of resolving that doubt. Just to say ‘I believe’, or, ‘I do not doubt’ will certainly not solve the problem. To force oneself to believe and to accept a thing without understanding is political, and not spiritual or intellectual.

The Buddha was always eager to dispel doubt. Even just a few minutes before his death, he requested his disciples several times to ask him if they had any doubts about his teaching, and not to feel sorry later that they could not clear those doubts. But the disciples were silent. What he said then was touching: ‘If it is through respect for the Teacher that you do not ask anything, let even one of you inform his friend’ (i.e., let one tell his friend so that the latter may ask the question on the other’s behalf).[10]

Not only the freedom of thought, but also the tolerance allowed by the Buddha is astonishing to the student of the history of religions. Once in Nālandā a prominent and wealthy householder named Upāli, a well-known lay disciple of Nigaṇṭha Nātaputta (Jaina Mahāvīra), was expressly sent by Mahāvīra himself to meet the Buddha and defeat him in argument on certain points in the theory of Karma, because the Buddha’s views on the subject were different from those of Mahāvīra.[11] Quite contrary to expectations, Upāli, at the end of the discussion, was convinced that the views of the Buddha were right and those of his master were wrong. So he begged the Buddha to accept him as one of his lay disciples (Upāsaka). But the Buddha asked him to reconsider it, and not to be in a hurry, for ‘considering carefully is good for well-known men like you’. When Upāli expressed his desire again, the Buddha requested him to continue to respect and support his old religious teachers as he used to.[12]

In the third century B.C., the great Buddhist Emperor Asoka of India, following this noble example of tolerance and understanding, honoured and supported all other religions in his vast empire. In one of his Edicts carved on rock, the original of which one may read even today, the Emperor declared:

‘One should not honour only one’s own religion and condemn the religions of others, but one should honour others’ religions for this or that reason. So doing, one helps one’s own religion to grow and renders service to the religions of others too. In acting otherwise one digs the grave of one’s own religion and also does harm to other religions. Whosoever honours his own religion and condemns other religions, does so indeed through devotion to his own religion, thinking “I will glorify my own religion”. But on the contrary, in so doing he injures his own religion more gravely. So concord is good: Let all listen, and be willing to listen to the doctrines professed by others’.[13]

We should add here that this spirit of sympathetic understanding should be applied today not only in the matter of religious doctrine, but elsewhere as well.

This spirit of tolerance and understanding has been from the beginning one of the most cherished ideals of Buddhist culture and civilization. That is why there is not a single example of persecution or the shedding of a drop of blood in converting people to Buddhism, or in its propagation during its long history of 2500 years. It spread peacefully all over the continent of Asia, having more than 500 million adherents today. Violence in any form, under any pretext whatsoever, is absolutely against the teaching of the Buddha.

The question has often been asked: Is Buddhism a religion or a philosophy? It does not matter what you call it. Buddhism remains what it is whatever label you may put on it. The label is immaterial. Even the label ‘Buddhism’ which we give to the teaching of the Buddha is of little importance. The name one gives it is inessential.

What’s in a name? That which we call a rose,
By any other name would smell as sweet.

In the same way Truth needs no label: it is neither Buddhist, Christian, Hindu nor Moslem. It is not the monopoly of anybody. Sectarian labels are a hindrance to the independent understanding of Truth, and they produce harmful prejudices in men’s minds.

This is true not only in intellectual and spiritual matters, but also in human relations. When, for instance, we meet a man, we do not look on him as a human being, but we put a label on him, such as English, French, German, American, or Jew, and regard him with all the prejudices associated with that label in our mind. Yet he may be completely free from those attributes which we have put on him.

People are so fond of discriminative labels that they even go to the length of putting them on human qualities and emotions common to all. So they talk of different ‘brands’ of charity, as for example, of Buddhist charity or Christian charity, and look down upon other ‘brands’ of charity. But charity cannot be sectarian; it is neither Christian, Buddhist, Hindu nor Moslem. The love of a mother for her child is neither Buddhist nor Christian: it is mother love. Human qualities and emotions like love, charity, compassion, tolerance, patience, friendship, desire, hatred, ill-will, ignorance, conceit, etc., need no sectarian labels; they belong to no particular religions.

To the seeker after Truth it is immaterial from where an idea comes. The source and development of an idea is a matter for the academic. In fact, in order to understand Truth, it is not necessary even to know whether the teaching comes from the Buddha, or from anyone else. What is essential is seeing the thing, understanding it. There is an important story in the Majjhima-nikāya (sutta no.140) which illustrates this.

The Buddha once spent a night in a potter’s shed. In the same shed there was a young recluse who had arrived there earlier.[14] They did not know each other. The Buddha observed the recluse and thought to himself: ‘Pleasant are the ways of this young man. It would be good if I should ask about him’. So the Buddha asked him ‘O bhikkhu,[15] in whose name have you left home? Or who is your master? Or whose doctrine do you like?’

‘O friend,’ answered the young man, ‘there is the recluse Gotama, a Sakyan scion, who left the Sakya-family to become a recluse. There is high repute abroad of him that he is an Arahant, a Full-Enlightened One. In the name of that Blessed One I have become a recluse. He is my Master, and I like his doctrine.’

‘Where does that Blessed One, the Arahant, the Fully-Enlightened One live at the present time?’

‘In the countries to the north, friend, there is a city called Sāvatthi. It is there that Blessed One, the Arahant, the Fully-Enlightened One, is now living.’

‘Have you ever seen him, that Blessed One? Would you recognize him if you saw him?’

‘I have never seen that Blessed One. Nor should I recognize him if I saw him.’

The Buddha realized that it was in his name that this unknown young man had left home and become a recluse. But without divulging his own identity, he said: ‘O bhikkhu, I will teach you the doctrine. Listen and pay attention. I will speak.’

‘Very well, friend,’ said the young man in assent.

Then the Buddha delivered to this young man a most remarkable discourse explaining Truth (the gist of which is given later).[16]

It was only at the end of the discourse that this young recluse, whose name was Pukkusāti, realized that the person who spoke to him was the Buddha himself. So he got up, went before the Buddha, bowed down at the feet of the Master, and apologized to him for calling him ‘friend’[17] unknowingly. He then begged the Buddha to ordain him and admit him into the Order of the Sangha.

The Buddha asked him whether he had the alms-bowl and the robes ready. (A bhikkhu must have three robes and the alms-bowl for begging food). When Pukkusāti replied in the negative, the Buddha said that the Tathāgatas would not ordain a person unless the alms-bowl and the robes were ready. So Pukkusāti went out in search of an alms-bowl and robes, but was unfortunately savaged by a cow and died.[18]

Later, when this sad news reached the Buddha, he announced that Pukkusāti was a wise man, who had already seen the Truth, and attained the penultimate stage in the realization of Nirvāṇa, and that he was born in a realm where he would become an Arahant[19] and finally pass away, never to return to this world again.[20]

From this story it is quite clear that when Pukkusāti listened to the Buddha and understood his teaching, he did not know who was speaking to him, or whose teaching it was. He saw Truth. If the medicine is good, the disease will be cured. It is not necessary to know who prepared it, or where it came from.

Almost all religions are built on faith – rather ‘blind’ faith it would seem. But in Buddhism emphasis is laid on ‘seeing’, knowing, understanding, and not on faith, or belief. In Buddhist texts there is a word saddhā (Skt. śraddhā) which is usually translated as ‘faith’ or ‘belief’. But saddhā is not ‘faith’ as such, but rather ‘confidence’ born out of conviction. In popular Buddhism and also in ordinary usage in the texts the word saddhā, it must be admitted, has an element of ‘faith’ in the sense that it signifies devotion to the Buddha, the Dhamma (Teaching) and the Sangha (The Order).

According to Asanga, the great Buddhist philosopher of the 4th century A.C., has three aspects: (1) full and firm conviction that a thing is, (2) serene joy at good qualities, and (3) aspiration or wish to achieve an object in view.[21]

However you put it, faith or belief as understood by most religions has little to do with Buddhism.[22]

The question of belief arises when there is no seeing – seeing in every sense of the word. The moment you see, the question of belief disappears. If I tell you that I have a gem hidden in the folded palm of my hand, the question of belief arises because you do not see it yourself. But if I unclench my fist and show you the gem, then you see it for yourself, and the question of belief does not arise. So the phrase in ancient Buddhist texts reads: ‘Realizing, as one sees a gem (or a myrobalan fruit) in the palm’.

A disciple of the Buddha named Musīla tells another monk: ‘Friend without devotion, faith or belief,[23] without liking or inclination, without hearsay or tradition, without considering apparent reasons, without delight in the speculations of opinions, I know and see that the cessation of becoming is Nirvāṇa.’[24]

And the Buddha says: ‘O bhikkus, I say that the destruction of defilement and impurities is (meant) for a person who knows and who sees, and not for a person who does not know and does not see.’[25]

It is always a question of knowing and seeing, and not that of believing. The teaching of the Buddha is qualified as ehi-passika, inviting you to ‘come and see’, but not to come and believe.

The expressions used everywhere in Buddhist texts referring to persons who realized Truth are: ‘The dustless and stainless Eye of Truth (Dhamma-cakkhu) has arisen.’ ‘He has seen Truth, has attained Truth, has known Truth, has known Truth, has penetrated into Truth, has crossed over doubt, is without wavering.’ ‘Thus with right wisdom he sees it as it is (yathā bhūtaṃ)’.[26] With reference to his own Enlightenment the Buddha said: ‘The eye was born, knowledge was born, wisdom was born, science was born, light was born.’[27] It is always seeing through knowledge or wisdom, and not believing through faith.

This was more and more appreciated at a time when orthodoxy intolerantly insisted on believing and accepting their tradition and authority as the only Truth without question. Once a group of learned and well-known Brahmins went to see the Buddha and had a long discussion with him. One of the group, a Brahmin youth of 16 years of age, named Kāpaṭhika, considered by them all to be an exceptionally brilliant mind, put a question to the Buddha:[28]

‘Venerable Gotama, there are the ancient holy scriptures of the Brahmins handed down along the line by unbroken oral tradition of texts. With regard to them, Brahmins come to the absolute conclusion: “This alone is Truth, and everything else is false”. Now, what does the Venerable Gotama say about this?’

The Buddha inquired: ‘Among Brahmins is there any one single Brahmin who claims that he personally knows and sees that “This alone is Truth, and everything else is false”?’

The young man was frank, and said: ‘No’.

‘Then, is there any one single teacher, or a teacher of teachers of Brahmins back to the seventh generation, or even any one of those original authors of those scriptures, who claims that he knows and he sees: “This alone is Truth, and everything else is false”?’

‘No.’

‘Then, it is like a line of blind men, each holding on to the preceding one; the first one does not see, the middle one also does not see, the last one also does not see. Thus, it seems to me that the state of the Brahmins is like that of a line of blind men.’

Then the Buddha gave advice of extreme importance to the group of Brahmins: ‘It is not proper for a wise man who maintains (lit. protects) truth to come to the conclusions: “This alone is Truth, and everything else is false”.’

Asked by the young Brahmin to explain the idea of maintaining or protecting truth, the Buddha said: ‘A man has a faith. If he says “This is my faith”, so far he maintains truth. But by that he cannot proceed to the absolute conclusion: “This alone is Truth, and everything else is false”.’ In other words, a man may believe what he likes, and he may say ‘I believe this’. So far he respects truth. But because of his belief or faith, he should not say that what he believes is alone the Truth, and everything else is false.

The Buddha says: ‘To be attached to one thing (to a certain view) and to look down upon other things (views) as inferior – this the wise men call a fetter.’[29]

Once the Buddha explained[30] the doctrine of cause and effect to his disciples, and they said that they saw it and understood it clearly. Then the Buddha said:

‘O even this view, which is so pure and so clear, if you cling to it, if you fondle it, if you treasure it, if you are attached to it, then you do not understand that the teaching is similar to a raft, which is for crossing over, and not for getting hold of.’[31]

Elsewhere the Buddha explains this famous simile in which his teaching is compared to a raft for crossing over, and not for getting hold of and carrying on one’s back:

‘O a man is on a journey. He comes to a vast stretch of water. On this side the shore is dangerous, but on the other it is safe without danger. No boat goes to the other shore which is safe and without danger, nor is there any bridge for crossing over. He says to himself: “This sea of water is vast, and the shore on this side is full of danger; but on the other shore it is safe and without danger. No boat goes to the other side, nor is there a bridge for crossing over. It would be good therefore if I would gather grass, wood, branches and leaves to make a raft, and with the help of the raft cross over safely to the other side, exerting myself with my hands and feet”. Then that man, O bhikkhus, gathers grass, wood, branches and leaves and makes a raft, and with the help of that raft crosses over safely to the other side, exerting himself with his hands and feet. Having crossed over and got to the other side, he thinks: “This raft was of great help to me. With its aid I have crossed safely over to this side, exerting myself with my hands and feet. It would be good if I carry this raft on my head or on my back wherever I go”.

‘What do you think,  if he acted in this way would that man be acting properly with regard to the raft?’ “No, Sir”. ‘In which way then would he be acting properly with regard to the raft? Having crossed and gone over to the other side, suppose that man should think: “This raft was a great help to me. With its aid I have crossed safely over to this side, exerting myself with my hands and feet. It would be good if I beached this raft on the shore, or moored it and left it afloat, and then went on my way wherever it may be”. Acting in this way would that man act properly with regard to that raft.

‘In the same manner, I have taught a doctrine similar to a raft – it is for crossing over, and not for carrying (lit. getting hold of). You, O bhikkhus, who understand that the teaching is similar to a raft, should give up even good things (dhamma); how much more then should you give up evil things (adhamma).’[32]

From this parable it is quite clear that the Buddha’s teaching is meant to carry man to safety, peace, happiness, tranquillity, the attainment of Nirvāṇa. The whole doctrine taught by the Buddha leads to this end. He did not say things just to satisfy intellectual curiosity. He was a practical teacher and taught only those things which would bring peace and happiness to man.

The Buddha was once staying in a forest in (near Allahabad). He took a few leaves into his hand, and asked his disciples: ‘What do you think, O bhikkhus? Which is more? These few leaves in my hand or the leaves in the forest over here?

‘Sir, very few are the leaves in the hand of the Blessed One, but indeed the leaves in the Siṃsapa forest over here are very much more abundant.’

‘Even so, of what I have known I have told you only a little, what I have not told you is very much more. And why have I not told you (those things)? Because that is not useful… not leading to Nirvāṇa. That is why I have not told you those things.’[33]

It is futile, as some scholars vainly try to do, for us to speculate on what the Buddha knew but did not tell us.

The Buddha was not interested in discussing unnecessary metaphysical questions which are purely speculative and which create imaginary problems. He considered them as a ‘wilderness of opinions.’ It seems that there were some among his own disciples who did not appreciate this attitude of his. For, we have the example of one of them, Māluṅkyaputta by name, who put to the Buddha ten well-known classical questions on metaphysical problems and demanded answers.[34]

One day got up from his afternoon meditation, went to the Buddha, saluted him, sat on one side and said:

‘Sir, when I was all alone meditating, this thought occurred to me: There are these problems unexplained, put aside and rejected by the Blessed One. Namely, (1) is the universe eternal or (2) is it not eternal, (3) is the universe finite or (4) is it infinite, (5) is soul the same as body or (6) is soul one thing and body another thing, (7) does the Tathāgata exist after death, or (8) does he not exist after death, or (9) does he both (at the same time) exist and not exist after death, or (10) does he both (at the same time) not exist and not not-exist. These problems the Blessed One does not explain to me. This (attitude) does not please me, I do not appreciate it. I will go to the Blessed One and ask him about this matter. If the Blessed One explains them to me, then I will continue to follow the holy life under him. If he does not explain them, I will leave the Order and go away. If the Blessed One knows that the universe is eternal, let him explain it to me so. If the Blessed One knows that the universe is not eternal, let him say so. If the Blessed One does not know whether the universe is eternal or not, etc., then for a person who does not know, it is straightforward to say “I do not know. I do not see”.’

The Buddha’s reply to should do good to many millions in the world today who are wasting valuable time on such metaphysical questions and unnecessarily disturbing their peace of mind:

‘Did I ever tell you, “Come, lead the holy life under me, I will explain these questions to you?”

‘No, Sir.’

‘Then, even you, did you tell me: “Sir, I will lead the holy life under the Blessed One, and the Blessed One will explain these questions to me”?’

‘No, Sir.’

‘Even now, I do not tell you: “Come and lead the holy life under me, I will explain these questions to you”. And you do not tell me either: “Sir, I will lead the holy life under the Blessed One, and he will explain these questions to me”. Under these circumstances, you foolish one, who refuses whom?[35]

if anyone says: “I will not lead the holy life under the Blessed One until he explains these questions”, he may die with these questions unanswered by the Tathāgata. Suppose Māluṅkyaputta, a man is wounded by a poisoned arrow, and his friends and relatives bring him to a surgeon. Suppose the man should then say: “I will not let this arrow be taken out until I know who shot me; whether he is a Kṣatriya (of the warrior caste) or a Brāhmaṇa (of the priestly caste) or a Vaiśya (of the trading and agricultural caste) or a Śūdra (of the low caste); what his name and family may be; whether he is tall, short, or of medium stature; whether his complexion is black, brown, or golden: from which village, town or city he comes. I will not let this arrow be taken out until I know the kind of bow with which I was shot; the kind of bowstring used; the type of arrow; what sort of feather was used on the arrow and with what kind of material the point of the arrow was made.” Māluṅkyaputta, that man would die without knowing any of these things. Even so, Māluṅkyaputta, if anyone says: “I will not follow the holy life under the Blessed One until he answers these questions such as whether the universe is eternal or not, etc.”, he would die with these questions unanswered by the Tathāgata.’

Then the Buddha explains to that the holy life does not depend on these views. Whatever opinion one may have about these problems, there is birth, old age, decay, death, sorrow, lamentation, pain, grief, distress, “the Cessation of which (i.e. Nirvāṇa) I declare in this very life.”

‘Therefore, bear in mind what I have explained as explained and what I have not explained as unexplained. What are the things that I have not explained? Whether the universe is eternal or not, etc., (those 10 opinions) I have not explained. Why, Māluṅkyaputta, have I not explained them? Because it is not useful, it is not fundamentally connected with the spiritual holy life, is not conducive to aversion, detachment, cessation, tranquility, deep penetration, full realization, Nirvāṇa. That is why I have not told you about them.

‘Then, what, have I explained? I have explained the arising of dukkha, the cessation of dukkha, and the way leading to the cessation of dukkha.[36] Why, Māluṅkyaputta, have I explained them? Because it is useful, is fundamentally connected with the spiritual holy life, is conductive to aversion, detachment, cessation, tranquility, deep penetration, full realization, Nirvāṇa. Therefore I have explained them.’[37]

Let us now examine the Four Noble Truths which the Buddha told he had explained.
The heart of the Buddha’s teaching lies in the Four Noble Truths which he expounded in his very first sermon[38] to his old colleagues, the five ascetics, at Isipatana (modern Sarnath) near Benares. In this sermon, as we have it in the original texts, these four Truths are given briefly. But there are innumerable places in the early Buddhist scriptures where they are explained again and again, with greater detail and in different ways. If we study the Four Noble Truths with the help of these references and explanations, we get fairly good and accurate account of the essential teachings of the Buddha according to the original texts.
The First Noble Truth is generally translated by almost all scholars as ‘The Noble Truth of Suffering’, and it is interpreted to mean that life according to Buddhism is nothing but suffering and pain. Both translation and interpretation are highly unsatisfactory and misleading. It is because of this limited, free and easy translation, and its superficial interpretation, that many people have been misled into regarding Buddhism as pessimistic.

First of all, Buddhism is neither pessimistic nor optimistic. If anything at all, it is realistic, for it takes a realistic view of life and of the world. It looks at things objectively (yathābhūtaṃ). It does not falsely lull you into living in a fool’s paradise, nor does it frighten and agonize you with all kinds of imaginary fears and sins. It tells you exactly and objectively what you are and what the world around you is, and shows you the way to perfect freedom, peace, tranquillity and happiness.

One physician may gravely exaggerate an illness and give up hope altogether. Another may ignorantly declare that there is no illness and that no treatment is necessary, thus deceiving the patient with a false consolation. You may call the first one pessimistic and the second optimistic. Both are equally dangerous. But a third physician diagnoses the symptoms correctly, understands the cause and the nature of the illness, sees clearly that it can be cured, and courageously administers a course of treatment, thus saving his patient. The Buddha is like the last physician. He is the wise and scientific doctor for the ills of the world (Bhisakka or Bhaiṣajya-guru).

It is true that the Pali word in ordinary usage means ‘suffering’, ‘pain’, ‘sorrow’ or ‘misery’, as opposed to the word sukha meaning ‘happiness’, ‘comfort’ or ‘ease’. But the term dukkha as the First Noble Truth, which represents the Buddha’s view of life and the world, has a deeper philosophical meaning and connotes enormously wider senses. It is admitted that the term dukkha in the First Noble Truth contains, quite obviously, the ordinary meaning of ‘suffering’, but in addition it also includes deeper ideas such as ‘imperfection’, ‘impermanence’, ‘emptiness’, ‘insubstantiality’. It is difficult therefore to find one word to embrace the whole conception of the term dukkha as the First Noble Truth, and so it is better to leave it untranslated, than to give an inadequate and wrong idea of it by conveniently translating it as ‘suffering’ or ‘pain’.

The Buddha does not deny happiness in life when he says there is suffering. On the contrary he admits different forms of happiness, both material and spiritual, for laymen as well as for monks. In the Aṅguttara-nikāya, one of the five original Collections in Pāli containing the Buddha’s discourses, there is a list of happinesses (sukhāni), such as the happiness of family life and the happiness of the life of a recluse, the happiness of sense pleasures and the happiness of renunciation, the happiness of attachment and the happiness of detachment, physical happiness and mental happiness etc.[40] But all these are included in dukkha. Even the very pure spiritual states of dhyāna (recueillement or trance) attained by the practice of higher meditation, free from even a shadow of suffering in the accepted sense of the word, states which may be described as unmixed happiness, as well as the state of dhyāna which is free from sensations both pleasant (sukha) and unpleasant (dukkha) and is only pure equanimity and awareness – even these very high spiritual states are included in dukkha. In one of the suttas of the Majjhima-nikāya, (again one of the five original Collections), after praising the spiritual happiness of these dhyānas, the Buddha says that they are ‘impermanent, dukkha, and subject to change’ (aniccā dukkhā vipariṇāmadhammā).[41] Notice that the word dukkha is explicitly used. It is dukkha, not because there is ‘suffering’ in the ordinary sense of the word, but because ‘whatever is impermanent is

The Buddha was realistic and objective. He says, with regard to life and the enjoyment of sense-pleasures, that one should clearly understand three things: (1) attraction or enjoyment (assāda), (2) evil consequence or danger or unsatisfactoriness (ādīnava), and (3) freedom or liberation (nissaraṇa).[42] When you see a pleasant, charming and beautiful person, you like him (or her), you are attracted, you enjoy seeing that person again and again, you derive pleasure and satisfaction from that person. This is enjoyment (assāda). It is a fact of experience. But this enjoyment is not permanent, just as that person and all his (or her) attractions are not permanent either. When the situation changes, when you cannot see that person, when you are deprived of this enjoyment, you become sad, you may become unreasonable and unbalanced, you may even behave foolishly. This is the evil, unsatisfactory and dangerous side of the picture (ādīnava). This, too, is a fact of experience. Now if you have no attachment to the person, if you are completely detached, that is freedom, liberation (nissaraṇa). These three things are true with regard to all enjoyment in life.

From it is evident that it is no question of pessimism or optimism, but that we must take account of the pleasures of life as well as of its pains and sorrows, and also freedom from them, in order to understand life completely and objectively. Only then is true liberation possible. Regarding this question the Buddha says:
if any recluses or do not understand objectively in this way that the enjoyment of sense-pleasures is enjoyment, that their unsatisfactoriness is unsatisfactoriness, that liberation from them is liberation, then it is not possible that they themselves will certainly understand the desire for sense-pleasures completely, or that they will be able to instruct another person to that end, or that the person following their instruction will completely understand the desire for sense-pleasures. But, O bhikkhus, if any recluses or brāhmaṇas understand objectively in this way that the enjoyment of sense-pleasures is enjoyment, that their unsatisfactoriness is unsatisfactoriness, that liberation from them is liberation, then it is possible that they themselves will certainly understand the desire for sense-pleasures completely, and that they will be able to instruct another person to that end, and that that person following their instruction will completely understand the desire for sense-pleasure.

The conception of dukkha may be viewed from three aspects: (1) dukkha as ordinary suffering (dukkha-dukkha), (2) dukkha as produced by change (vipariṇāma-dukkha) and (3) dukkha as conditioned states (saṃkhāra-dukkha).[44]

All kinds of suffering in life like birth, old age, sickness, death, association with unpleasant persons and conditions, separation from loved ones and pleasant conditions, not getting what one desires, grief, lamentation, distress – all such forms of physical and mental suffering, which are universally accepted as suffering or pain, are included in dukkha as ordinary suffering (dukkha-dukkha).

A happy feeling, a happy condition in life, is not permanent, not everlasting. It changes sooner or later. When it changes, it produces pain, suffering, unhappiness. This vicissitude is included in dukkha as suffering produced by change (vipariṇāma-dukkha).

It is easy to understand the two forms of suffering (dukkha) mentioned above. No one will dispute them. This aspect of the First Noble Truth is more popularly known because it is easy to understand. It is common experience in our daily life.

But the third form of dukkha as conditioned states (saṃkhāra-dukkha) is the most important philosophical aspect of the First Noble Truth, and it requires some analytical explanation of what we consider as a ‘being’, as an ‘individual’, or as ‘I’.

What we call a ‘being’, or an ‘individual’, or ‘I’, according to Buddhist philosophy, is only a combination of ever-changing physical and mental forces or energies, which may be divided into five groups or aggregates (pañcakkhandha). The Buddha says: ‘In short these five aggregates of attachment are dukkha’.[45] Elsewhere he distinctly defines dukkha as the five aggregates: ‘O bhikkhus, what is dukkha? It should be said that it is the five aggregates of attachment’.[46] Here it should be clearly understood that dukkha and the five aggregates are not two different things; the five aggregates themselves are dukkha. We will understand this point better when we have some notion of the five aggregates which constitute the so-called ‘being’. Now, what are these five?



The Five Aggregates

The first is the Aggregate of Matter. In this term ‘Aggregate of Matter’ are included the traditional Four Great Elements (cattāri mahābbūtāni), namely, solidity, fluidity, heat and motion, and also the Derivatives (upādāya-rūpa) of the Four Great Elements.[47] In the term ‘Derivatives of Four Great Elements’ are included our five material sense-organs, i.e., the faculties of eye, ear, nose, tongue, and body, and their corresponding objects in the external world, i.e., visible form, sound, odour, taste, and tangible things, and also some thoughts or ideas or conceptions which are in the sphere of mind-objects (dharmāyatana).[48] Thus the whole realm of matter, both internal and external, is included in the Aggregate of Matter.

The second is the Aggregate of Sensations. In this group are included all our sensations, pleasant or unpleasant or neutral, experienced through the contact of physical and mental organs with the external world. They are of six kinds: the sensations experienced through the contact of the eye with visible forms, ear with sounds, nose with odour, tongue with taste, body with tangible objects, and mind (which is the sixth faculty in Buddhist Philosophy) with mind-objects or thoughts or ideas.[49] All our physical and mental sensations are included in this group.

A word about what is meant by the term “Mind’ (manas) in Buddhist philosophy may be useful here. It should clearly be understood that mind is not spirit as opposed to matter. It should always be remembered that Buddhism does not recognize a spirit opposed to matter, as is accepted by most other systems of philosophies and religions. Mind is only a faculty or organ (indriya) like the eye or the ear. It can be controlled and developed like any other faculty, and the Buddha speaks quite often of the value of controlling and disciplining these six faculties. The difference between the eye and the mind as faculties is that the former senses the world of colours and visible forms, while the latter senses the world of ideas and thoughts and mental objects. We experience different fields of the world with different senses. We cannot hear colours, but we can see them. Nor can we see sounds, but we can hear them. Thus with our five physical sense-organs – eye, ear, nose, tongue, body – we experience only the world of visible forms, sound, odours, tastes and tangible objects. But these represent only a part of the world, not the whole. What of ideas and thoughts? They are also a part of the world. But they cannot be sensed, they cannot be conceived by the faculty of the eye, ear, nose, tongue or body. Yet they can be conceived by another faculty, which is mind. Now ideas and thoughts are not independent of the world experienced by these five physical sense faculties. In fact they depend on, and are conditioned by, physical experiences. Hence a person born blind cannot have ideas of colour, except through the analogy of sounds or some other things experienced through his other faculties. Ideas and thoughts which form a part of the world are thus produced and conditioned by physical experiences and are conceived by the mind. Hence mind (manas) is considered a sense faculty or organ (indriya), like the eye or the ear.

The third is the Aggregate of Perceptions. Like sensations, perceptions also are of six kinds, in relation to six internal faculties and the corresponding six external objects. Like sensations, they are produced through the contact of our six faculties with the external world. It is the perceptions that recognize objects whether physical or mental.[50]

The fourth is the Aggregate of Mental Formations. In this group are included all volitional activities both good and bad. What is generally known as karma (or kamma) comes under this group. The Buddha’s own definition of karma should be remembered here: ‘O bhikkhus, it is volition (cetanā) that I call karma. Having willed, one acts through body, speech and mind.[52] Volition is ‘mental construction, mental activity. Its function is to direct the mind in the sphere of good, bad or neutral activities.’[53] Just like sensations and perceptions, volition is of six kinds, connected with the six internal faculties and the corresponding six objects (both physical and mental) in the external world.[54] Sensations and perceptions are not volitional actions. They do not produce karmic effects. It is only volitional actions – such as attention (manasikāra), will (chanda), determination (adhimokkha), confidence (saddhā), concentration (samādhi), wisdom (paññā), energy (viriya), desire (rāga), repugnance or hate, ignorance, conceit, idea of selfetc. – that can produce karmic effects. There are 52 such mental activities which constitute the Aggregate of Mental Formations.

The fifth is the Aggregate of Consciousness. Consciousness is a reaction or response which has one of the six faculties (eye, ear, nose, tongue, body and mind) as its basis, and one of the six corresponding external phenomena (visible form, sound, odour, taste, tangible things and mind-objects, i.e., an idea or thought) as its objects. For instance, visual consciousness (cakkhu-viññāṇa) has the eye as its basis and a visible form as its object. Mental consciousness (mano-viññāṇa) has the mind (manas) as its basis and a mental object, i.e., an idea or thought as its object. So consciousness is connected with other faculties. Thus, like sensation, perception and volition, consciousness also is of six kinds, in relation to six internal faculties and corresponding six external objects.[56]

It should be clearly understood that consciousness does not recognize an object. It is only a sort of awareness – awareness of the presence of an object. When the eye comes in contact with a colour, for instance blue, visual consciousness arises which simply is awareness of the presence of a colour; but it does not recognize that it is blue. There is no recognition at this stage. It is perception (the third Aggregate discussed above) that recognizes that it is blue. The term “visual consciousness’ is a philosophical expression denoting the same idea as is conveyed by the ordinary word ‘seeing’. Seeing does not mean recognizing. So are the other forms of consciousness.

It must be repeated here that according to Buddhist philosophy there is no permanent, unchanging spirit which can be considered ‘Self’, or ‘Soul’, or ‘Ego’, as opposed to matter, and that consciousness (viññāṇa) should not be taken as ‘spirit’ in opposition to matter. This point has to be particularly emphasized, because a wrong notion that consciousness is a sort of Self or Soul that continues as a permanent substance through life, has persisted from the earliest time to the present day.

One of the Buddha’s own disciples, Sāti by name, held that the Master taught: ‘It is the same consciousness that transmigrates and wanders about.’ The Buddha asked him what he meant by ‘consciousness’. Sāti reply is classical: ‘It is that which expresses, which feels, which experiences the results of good and bad deeds here and there’.

‘To whomever, you stupid one’, remonstrated the Master, ‘have you heard me expounding the doctrines in this manner? Haven’t I in many ways explained consciousness as arising out of conditions: that there is no arising of consciousness without conditions’. Then the Buddha went on to explain consciousness in detail: ‘Consciousness is named according to whatever condition through which it arises: on account of the eye and visible forms arises a consciousness, and it is called visual consciousness; on account of the ear and sounds arises a consciousness, and it is called auditory consciousness; on account of the nose and odours arises consciousness, and it is called olfactory consciousness; on account of the tongue and tastes arises a consciousness, and it is called gustatory consciousness; on account of the body and tangible objects arises a consciousness, and it is called tactile consciousness; on account of the mind and mind-objects (ideas and thoughts) arises a consciousness, and it is called mental consciousness.’

Then the Buddha explained it further by an illustration: A fire is named according to the material on account of which it burns. A fire may burn on account of wood, add it is called wood-fire. It may burn on account of straw, and then it is called straw-fire. So consciousness is named account to the condition through which it arises.[57]

Dwelling on this point, Buddhaghosa, the great commentator, explains: ‘… a fire that burns on account of wood burns only when there is a supply, but dies down in that very place when it (the supply) is no longer there, because then the condition has changed, but (the fire) does not cross over to splinters, etc., and become a splinter-fire and so on; even so the consciousness that arises on account of the eye and visible forms arises in that gate of sense organ (i.e., in the eye), only when there is the condition of the eye, visible forms, light and attention, but ceases then and there when it (the condition) is no more there, because then the condition has changed, but (the consciousness) does not cross over to the ear, etc., and become auditory consciousness and so on…’[58]

The Buddha declared in unequivocal terms that consciousness depends on matter, sensation, perception and mental formations and that it cannot exist independently of them. He says:

‘Consciousness may exist having matter as its means (rūpupāyaṃ), matter as its object (rūpārammaṇaṃ), matter as its support (rūpa-patiṭṭham), and seeking delight it may grow, increase and develop; or consciousness may exist having sensation as its means… or perception as its means… or mental formations as its means, mental formations as its objects, mental formations as its support, and seeking delight it may grow, increase and develop.

‘Were a man to say: I shall show the coming, the going, the passing away, the arising, the growth, the increase or the development of consciousness apart from matter, sensation, perception and mental formations, he would be speaking of something that does not exist.’[59]

Very briefly these are the five Aggregates. What we call a ‘being’, or an ‘individual’, or, ‘I’, is only a convenient name or a label given to the combination of these five groups. They are all impermanent, all constantly changing. ‘Whatever is impermanent is dukkha’ (Yad aniccaṃ tam dukkhaṃ). This is the true meaning of the Buddha’s words: ‘In brief the five Aggregates of Attachment are dukkha’. They are not the same for two consecutive moments. Here A is not equal to A. They are in a flux of momentary arising and disappearing.

‘O Brāhmaṇa, it is just like a mountain river, flowing far and swift, taking everything along with it; there is no moment, no instant, no second when it stops flowing, but it goes on flowing and continuing. So Brāhmaṇa, is human life, like a mountain river.’[60] As the Buddha told Raṭṭhapāla: ‘The world is in continuous flux and is impermanent.’

One thing disappears, conditioning the appearance of the next in a series of cause and effect. There is no unchanging substance in them. There is nothing behind them that can be called a permanent Self (Ātman), individuality, or anything that can in reality be called ‘I’. Every one will agree that neither matter, nor sensation, nor perception, nor any one of those mental activities, nor consciousness can really be called ‘I’.[61] But when these five physical and mental aggregates which are interdependent are working together in combination as a physio-psychological machine,[62] we get the idea of ‘I’. But this is only a false idea, a mental formation, which is nothing but one of those 52 mental formations of the fourth Aggregate which we have just discussed, namely, it is the idea of self (sakkāya-diṭṭhi).

These five Aggregate together, which we popularly call a ‘being’ are dukkha itself. There is no other ‘being’ or ‘I’, standing behind these five aggregates, who experiences dukkha. As Buddhaghosa says:

‘Mere suffering exists, but no sufferer is found;
The deeds are, but no doer is found.’[63]

There is no unmoving mover behind the movement. It is only movement. It is not correct to say that life is moving, but life is movement itself. Life and movement are not two different things. In other words, there is no thinker behind the thought. Thought itself is the thinker. If you remove the thought, there is no thinker to be found. Here we cannot fail to notice how this Buddhist view is diametrically opposed to the Cartesian cogito ergo sum: ‘I think, therefore I am.’

Now a question may be raised whether life has a beginning. According to the Buddha’s teaching the beginning of the life-stream of living beings is unthinkable. The believer in the creation of life by God may be astonished at this reply. But if you were to ask him ‘What is the beginning of God?’ he would answer without hesitation ‘God has no beginning’, and he is not astonished at his own reply. The Buddha says: ‘O bhikkhus, this cycle of continuity (saṃsāra) is without a visible end, and the first beginning of beings wandering and running round, enveloped in ignorance and bound down by the fetters of thirst (desire, taṇhā) is not to be perceived.’[64] And further, referring to ignorance which is the main cause of the continuity of life the Buddha states: ‘The first beginning of ignorance (avijjā) is not to be perceived in such a way as to postulate that there was no ignorance beyond a certain point.’[65] Thus it is not possible to say that there was no life beyond a certain definite point.

This in short is the meaning of the Noble Truth of Dukkha. It is extremely important to understand this First Noble Truth clearly because, as the Buddha says, ‘he who sees dukkha sees also the arising of dukkha, sees also the cessation of dukkha, and sees also the path leading to the cessation of dukkha.’[66]

This does not at all make the life of a Buddhist melancholy or sorrowful, as some people wrongly imagine. On the contrary, a true Buddhist is the happiest of beings. He has no fears or anxieties. He is always calm and serene, and cannot be upset or dismayed by changes or calamities, because he sees things as they are. The Buddha was never melancholy or gloomy. He was described by his contemporaries as ‘ever-smiling’ (mihita-pubbaṃgama). In Buddhist painting and sculpture the Buddha is always represented with a countenance happy, serene, contented and compassionate. Never a trace of suffering or agony or pain is to be seen.[67] Buddhist art and architecture, Buddhist temples never give the impression of gloom or sorrow, but produce an atmosphere of calm and serene joy.

Although there is suffering in life, a Buddhist should not be gloomy over it, should not be angry or impatient at it. One of the principal evils in life, according to Buddhism, is ‘repugnance’ or hatred. Repugnance (pratigha) is explained as ‘ill-will with regard to living beings, with regard to suffering and with regard to things pertaining to suffering. Its function is to produce a basis for unhappy states and bad conduct.’[68] Thus it is wrong to be impatient at suffering. Being impatient or angry at suffering does not remove it. On the contrary, it adds a little more to one’s trouble, and aggravates and exacerbates a situation already disagreeable. What is necessary is not anger or impatience, but the understanding of the question of suffering, how it comes about, and how to get rid of it, and then to work accordingly with patience, intelligence, determination and energy.

There are two ancient Buddhist texts called the Theragāthā and the Therīgāthā which are full of the joyful utterances of the Buddha’s disciples, both male and female, who found peace and happiness in life through his teaching. The king of Kosala once told the Buddha that unlike many a disciple of other religious systems who looked haggard, coarse, pale, emaciated and unprepossessing, his disciples were ‘joyful and elated (haṭṭha-pahaṭṭha), jubilant and exultant (udaggudagga), enjoying the spiritual life, with faculties pleased, free from anxiety serene (pannaloma), peaceful and living with a gazelle’s mind, i.e., light-hearted.’ The king added that he believed that this healthy disposition was due to the fact that ‘these venerable ones had certainly realized the great and full significance of the Blessed One’s teaching.’[69]

Buddhism is quite opposed to the melancholic, sorrowful, penitent and gloomy attitude of mind which is considered a hindrance to the realization of Truth. On the other hand, it is interesting to remember here that joy (pīti) is one of the seven Bojjhaṃgas or’Factors of Illumination’, the essential qualities to be cultivated for the realization of Nirvāṇa.[70]
The Second Noble Truth is that of the arising or origin of dukkha (Dukkhasamudaya-ariyasacca). The most popular and well-known definition of the Second Truth as found in innumerable places in the original texts runs as follows:

‘It is this “thirst” (craving, taṇhā) which produces re-existence and re-becoming (ponobhavikā), and which is bound up with passionate greed (nandīrāgasahagatā), and which finds fresh delight now here and now there (tatratatrābhinandinī), namely, (1) thirst for sense-pleasures (kāma-taṇhā), (2) thirst for existence and becoming (bhava-taṇhā) and (3) thirst for non-existence (self-annihilation, vibhava-taṇhā).[71]

It is this ‘thirst’, desire, greed, craving, manifesting itself in various ways, that gives rise to all forms of suffering and the continuity of beings. But it should not be taken as the first cause, for there is no first cause possible as, according to Buddhism, everything is relative and inter-dependent. Even this ‘thirst’, taṇhā, which is considered as the cause or origin of dukkha, depends for its arising (samudaya) on something else, which is sensation (vedanā),[72] and sensation arises depending on contact (phassa), and so on and so forth goes on the circle which is known as Conditioned Genesis (Paṭicca-samuppāda), which we will discuss later.[73]

So taṇhā, ‘thirst’, is not the first or the only cause of the arising of dukkha. But it is the most palpable and immediate cause, the ‘principal thing’ and the ‘all-pervading thing’.[74] Hence in certain places of the original Pali texts themselves the definition of samudaya or the origin of dukkha includes other defilements and impurities (kilesā, sāsavā dhammā), in addition to taṇhā ‘thirst’ which is always given the first place.[75] Within the necessarily limited space of our discussion, it will be sufficient if we remember that this ‘thirst’ has as its centre the false idea of self arising out of ignorance.

Here the term ‘thirst’ includes not only desire for, and attachment to, sense-pleasures, wealth and power, but also desire for, and attachment to, idea and ideals, views, opinions, theories, conceptions and beliefs (dhamma-taṇhā).[76] According to the Buddha’s analysis, all the troubles and strife in the world, from little personal quarrels in families to great wars between nations and countries, arise out of this selfish ‘thirst’. [77] From this point of view, all economic, political and social problems are rooted in this selfish ‘thirst’. Great statesmen who try to settle international disputes and talk of war and peace only in economic and political terms touch the superficialities, and never go deep into the real root of the problem. As the Buddha told Raṭṭapāla: ‘The world lacks and hankers, and is enslaved to “thirst” (taṇhādāso).’

Every one will admit that all the evils in the world are produced by selfish desire. This is not difficult to understand. But how this desire, ‘thirst’, can produce re-existence and re-becoming (ponobhavikā) is a problem not so easy to grasp. It is here that we have to discuss the deeper philosophical side of the Second Noble Truth corresponding to the philosophical side of the First Noble Truth. Here we must have some idea about the theory of karma and rebirth.

There are four Nutriments (āhāra) in the sense of ‘cause’ or ‘condition’ necessary for the existence and continuity of beings: (1) ordinary material food (kabaliṅkārāhāra), (2) contact of our sense-organs (including mind) with the external world (phassāhāra), (3) consciousness (viññāṇāhāra) and (4) mental volition or will (manosañcetanāhāra).[78]

Of these four, the last mentioned ‘mental volition’ is the will to live, to re-exist, to continue, to become more and more.[79] It creates the root of existence and continuity, striving forward by the way of good and bad actions (kusalākusalakamma).[80] It is the same as ‘Volition’ (cetanā).[81] We have seen earlier[82] that volition is karma, as the Buddha himself has defined it. Referring to ‘Mental volition’ just mentioned above the Buddha says: ‘When one understands the nutriment of mental volition one understands the three forms of ‘thirst’ (taṇhā).’[83] Thus the terms ‘thirst’, ‘volition’, ‘mental volition’ and ‘karma’ all denote the same thing: they denote the desire, the will to be, to exist, to re-exist, to become more and more, to grow more and more, to accumulate more and more. This is the cause of the arising of dukkha, and this is found within the Aggregate of Mental Formations, one of the Five Aggregates which constitute a being.[84]

Here is one of the most important and essential points in the Buddha’s teaching. We must therefore clearly and carefully mark and remember that the cause, the germ, of the arising of dukkha is within dukkha itself, and not outside; and we must equally well remember that the cause, the germ, of the cessation of dukkha, of the destruction of dukkha, is also within dukkha itself, and not outside. This is what is meant by the well-known formula often found in original Pali texts: Yaṃ kiñci samudayadhammaṃ sabbaṃ taṃ nirodhadhammaṃ ‘Whatever is of the nature of arising, all that is of the nature of cessation.’[85] A being, a thing, or a system, if it has within itself the nature of arising, the nature of coming into being, has also within itself the nature, the germ, of its own cessation and destruction. Thus dukkha (Five Aggregates) has within itself the nature of its own arising, and has also within itself the nature of its own cessation. This point will be taken up again in the discussion of the Third Noble Truth, Nirodha.

Now, the Pali word kamma or the Sankrit word karma (from the root kṛ to do) literally means ‘action’, ‘doing’. But in the Buddhist theory of karma it has a specific meaning: it means only ‘volitional action’, not all action. Nor does it mean the result of karma as many people wrongly and loosely use it. In Buddhist terminology karma never means its effect; its effect is known as the ‘fruit’ or the ‘result’ or karma (kamma-phala or kamma-vipāka).

Volition may relatively be good or bad, just as a desire may relatively be good or bad. So karma may be good or bad relatively. Good karma (kusala) produces good effects, and bad karma (akusala) produces bad effects. ‘Thirst’, volition, karma, whether good or bad, has one force as its effect: force to continue – to continue in a good or bad direction. Whether good or bad it is relative, and is within the cycle of continuity (saṃsāra). An Arahant, though he acts, does not accumulate karma, because he is free from the false idea of self, free from the ‘thirst’ for continuity and becoming, free from all other defilements and impurities (kilesā, sāsavā dhammā). For him there is no rebirth.

The theory of karma should not be confused with so-called ‘moral justice’ or ‘reward and punishment’. The idea of moral justice, or reward and punishment, arises out of the conception of a supreme being, a God, who sits in judgment, who is a law-giver and who decides what is right and wrong. The term ‘justice’ is ambiguous and dangerous, and in its name more harm than good is done to humanity. The theory of karma is the theory of cause and effect, of action and reaction; it is a natural law, which has nothing to do with the idea of justice or reward and punishment. Every volitional action produces its effects or results. If a good action produces good effects and a bad action bad effects, it is not justice, or reward, or punishment meted out by anybody or any power sitting in judgment on your action, but this is in virtue of its own nature, its own law. This is not difficult to understand. But what is difficult is that, according to the karma theory, the effects of a volitional action may continue to manifest themselves even in a life after death. Here we have to explain what death is according to Buddhism.

We have seen earlier that a being is nothing but a combination of physical and mental forces or energies. What we call death is the total non-functioning of the physical body. Do all these forces and energies stop altogether with the non-functioning of the body? Buddhism says ‘No’. Will, volition, desire, thirst to exist, to continue, to become more and more, is a tremendous force that moves whole lives, whole existences, that even moves the whole world. This is the greatest force, the greatest energy in the world. According to Buddhism, this force does not stop with the non-functioning of the body, which is death; but it continues manifesting itself in another form, producing re-existence which is called rebirth.

Now, another question arises: If there is no permanent, unchanging entity or substance like Self or Soul (ātman), what is it that can re-exist or be reborn after death? Before we can go on to life after death, let us consider what this life is, and how it continues now. What we call life, as we have so often repeated, is the combination of the Five Aggregates, a combination of physical and mental energies. These are constantly changing: they do not remain the same for two consecutive moments. Every moment they are born and they die. ‘When the Aggregates arise, decay and die, O bhikkhu, every moment you are born, decay and die.’[86] Thus, even now during this life time, every moment we are born and die, but we continue. If we can understand that in this life we can continue without a permanent, unchanging substance like Self or Soul, why can’t we understand that those forces themselves can continue without a Self or a Soul behind them after then non-functioning of the body?

When this physical body is no more capable of functioning, energies do not die with it, but continue to take some other shape or form, which we call another life. In a child all the physical, mental and intellectual faculties are tender and weak, but they have within them the potentiality of producing a full grown man. Physical and mental energies which constitute the so-called being have within themselves the power to take a new form, and grow gradually and gather force to the full.

As there is no permanent, unchanging substance, nothing passes from one moment to the next. So quite obviously, nothing permanent or unchanging can pass or transmigrate from one life to the next. It is a series that continues unbroken, but changes every moment. The series is, really speaking, nothing but movement. It is like a flame that burns through the night: it is not the same flame nor it is another. A child grows up to be a man of sixty. Certainly the man of sixty is not the same as the child of sixty years ago, nor is he another person. Similarly, a person who dies here and is reborn elsewhere is neither the same person, nor another (na ca so na ca añño). It is the continuity of the same series. The difference between death and birth is only a thought-moment: the last thought-moment in this life conditions the first thought-moment in the so-called next life, which, in fact, is the continuity of the same series. During this life itself, too, one thought-moment conditions the next thought-moment. So from the Buddhist point of view, the question of life after death is not a great mystery, and a Buddhist is never worried about this problem.

As long as there is this ‘thirst’ to be and to become, the cycle of continuity (saṃsāra) goes on. It can stop only when its driving force, this ‘thirst’, is cut off through wisdom which sees Reality, Truth, Nirvāṇa.
The third Noble Truth is that there is emancipation, liberation, freedom from suffering, from the continuity of dukkha. This is called the Noble Truth of the Cessation of dukkha (Dukkhanirodha-ariyasacca), which is Nibbāna, more popularly known in its Sanskrit form of Nirvāṇa.

To eliminate dukkha completely one has to eliminate the main root of dukkha, which is ‘thirst’ (taṇhā), as we saw earlier. Therefore Nirvāṇa is known also by then term Taṇhakkhaya ‘Extinction of Thirst’.

Now you will ask: But what is Nirvāṇa? Volumes have been written in reply to this quite natural and simple question; they have, more and more, only confused the issue rather than clarified it. The only reasonable reply to give to the question is that it can never be answered completely and satisfactorily in words, because human language is too poor to express the real nature of the Absolute Truth or Ultimate Reality which is Nirvāṇa. Language is created and used by masses of human beings to express things and ideas experienced by their sense organs and their mind. A supramundane experience like that of the Absolute Truth is not of such a category. Therefore there cannot be words to express that experience, just as the fish had no words in his vocabulary to express the nature of the solid land. The tortoise told his friend the fish that he (the tortoise) just returned to the lake after a walk on the land. ‘Of course’ the fish said, ‘You mean swimming.’ The tortoise tried to explain that one couldn’t swim on the land, that it was solid, and that one walked on it. But the fish insisted that there could be nothing like it, that is must be liquid like his lake, with waves, and that one must be able to dive and swim there.

Words are symbols representing things and ideas known to us; and these symbols do not and cannot convey the true nature of even ordinary things. Language is considered deceptive and misleading in the matter of understanding of the Truth. So the Lankāvatāra-sūtra says that ignorant people get stuck in words like an elephant in the mud.[87]

Nevertheless we cannot do without language. But if Nirvāṇa is to be expressed and explained in positive terms, we are likely immediately to grasp an idea associated with those terms, which may be quite the contrary. Therefore it is generally expressed in negative terms[88] – a less dangerous mode perhaps. So it is often referred to by such negative terms as Taṇhakkhaya ‘Extinction of Thirst’, Asaṃkhata ‘Uncompound’, ‘Unconditioned’, Virāga ‘Absence of desire’, Nirodha ‘Cessation’, Nibbāna ‘Blowing out’ or ‘Extinction’.

Let us consider a few definitions and descriptions of Nirvāṇa as found in the original Pali texts:

‘It is the complete cessation of that very ‘thirst’ (taṇhā), giving it up, renouncing it, emancipation from it, detachment from it.’[89]

‘Calming of all conditioned things, giving up of all defilements, extinction of ‘thirst’, detachment, cessation, Nibbāna.’[90]

‘O bhikkhus, what is the Absolute (Asaṃkhata, Unconditioned)? It is, O bhikkhus, the extinction of desire (rāgakkhayo), the extinction of hatred (dosakkhayo), the extinction of illusion (mohakkhayo). This O bhikkhus, is called the Absolute.’[91]

‘O Rādha, the extinction of “thirst” (Taṇhakkhayo) is Nibbāna.’[92]

‘O bhikkhus, whatever there may be things conditioned or unconditioned, among them detachment (virāga) is the highest. That is to say, freedom from conceit, destruction of thirst,[93] the uprooting of attachment, the cutting off of continuity, the extinction of “thirst” (taṇhā), detachment, cessation, Nibbāna.’[94]

The reply of Sāriputta, the chief disciple of the Buddha, to a direct question ‘What is Nibbāna?’ posed by a Parivrājaka, is identical with the definition of Asaṃkhata given by the Buddha (above): ‘The extinction of desire, the extinction of hatred, the extinction of illusion.’[95]

‘The abandoning and destruction of desire and craving for these Five Aggregates of Attachment: that is the cessation of dukkha.’[96]

‘The cessation of Continuity and becoming (Bhavanirodha) is Nibbāna.’[97]

And further, referring to Nirvāṇa the Buddha says:

‘O bhikkhus, there is the unborn, ungrown, and unconditioned. Were there not the unborn, ungrown, and unconditioned, there would be no escape for the born, grown, and conditioned. Since there is the unborn, ungrown, and unconditioned, so there is escape for the born, grown, and conditioned.’[98]

‘Here the four elements of solidity, fluidity, heat and motion have no place; the notions of length and breadth, the subtle and the gross, good and evil, name and form are altogether destroyed; neither this world nor the other, nor coming, going or standing, neither death nor birth, nor sense-objects are to be found.’[99]

Because Nirvana is thus expressed in negative terms, there are many who have got a wrong notion that it is negative, and expresses self-annihilation. Nirvāṇa is definitely no annihilation of self, because there is no self no annihilate. If at all, it is the annihilation of the illusion, of the false idea of self.

It is incorrect to say that Nirvāṇa is negative or positive. The ideas of ‘negative’ and ‘positive’ are relative, and are within the realm of duality. These terms cannot be applied to Nirvāṇa, Absolute Truth, which is beyond duality and relativity.

A negative word need not necessarily indicate a negative state. The Pali of Sanskrit word for health is ārogya, a negative term, which literally means ‘absence or illness’. But ārogya (health) does not represent a negative state. The word ‘Immortal’ (or its Sanskrit equivalent Amṛta or Pali Amata), which also is a synonym for Nirvāṇa, is negative, but it does not denote a negative state. The negation of negative values is not negative. One of the well-known synonyms for Nirvāṇa is ‘Freedom’ (Pali Mutti, Skt. Mukti). Nobody would say that freedom is negative. But even freedom has a negative side: freedom is always a liberation from something which is obstructive, which is evil, which is negative. But freedom is not negative. So Nirvāṇa, Mutti or Vimutti, the Absolute Freedom, is freedom from all evil, freedom from craving, hatred and ignorance, freedom from all terms of duality, relativity, time and space.

We may get some idea of Nirvāṇa as Absolute Truth from the Dhātuvibhaṅga-sutta (No. 140) of the Majjhima-nikāya. This extremely important discourse was delivered by the Buddha to Pukkusāti (already mentioned), whom the Master found to be intelligent and earnest, in the quiet of the night in a potter’s shed. The essence of the relevant portions of the sutta is as follows:

A man is composed of six elements: solidity, fluidity, heat, motion, space and consciousness. He analyses them and finds that none of them is ‘mine’, or me, or ‘my self’. He understands how consciousness appears and disappears, how pleasant, unpleasant and neutral sensations appear and disappear. Through this knowledge his mind becomes detached. Then he finds within him a pure equanimity (upekhā), which he can direct towards the attainment of any high spiritual state, and he knows that thus this pure equanimity will last for a long period. But then he thinks:

‘If I focus this purified and cleansed equanimity on the Sphere of Infinite Space and develop a mind conforming thereto, that is a mental creation (saṃkhataṃ).[100] If I focus this purified and cleansed equanimity on the Sphere of Infinite Consciousness … on the Sphere of Nothingness … or on the Sphere of Neither-perception nor Non-perception and develop a mind conforming thereto, that is a mental creation.’ Then he neither mentally creates nor wills continuity and becoming (bhava) or annihilation (vibhava).[101] As he does not construct or does not will continuity and becoming or annihilation, he does not cling to anything in the world; as he does not cling, he is not anxious; as he is not anxious, he is completely calmed within (fully blown out within paccattaṃ yeva parinibbāyati). And he knows: ‘Finished is birth, lived is pure life, what should be done is done, nothing more is left to be done.’[102]

Now, when he experiences a pleasant, unpleasant or neutral sensation, he knows that it is impermanent, that it does not bind him, that it is not experienced with passion. Whatever may be the sensation, he experiences it without being bound to it (visaṃyutto). He knows that all those sensations will be pacified with the dissolution of the body, just as the flame of a lamp goes out when oil and wick give out.

‘Therefore, O bhikkhu, a person so endowed is endowed with the absolute wisdom, for the knowledge of the extinction of all dukkha is the absolute noble wisdom.

‘This his deliverance, founded on Truth, is unshakable. O bhikkhu, that which is unreality (mosadhamma) is false; that which is reality (amosadhamma), Nibbāna, is Truth (Sacca). Therefore, O bhikkhu, a person so endowed is endowed with this Absolute Truth. For, the Absolute Noble Truth (paramaṃ ariyasaccaṃ) is Nibbāna, which is Reality.’

Elsewhere the Buddha unequivocally uses the word Truth in place of Nibbāna: ‘I will teach you the Truth and the Path leading to the Truth.’[103] Here Truth definitely means Nirvāṇa.

Now, what is Absolute Truth? According to Buddhism, the Absolute Truth is that there is nothing absolute in the world, that everything is relative, conditioned and impermanent, and that there is no unchanging, everlasting, absolute substance like Self, Soul, or Ātman within or without. This is the Absolute Truth. Truth is never negative, though there is a popular expression as negative truth. The realization of this Truth, i.e., to see things as they are (yathābhūtaṃ) without illusion or ignorance (avijjā),[104] is the extinction of craving ‘thirst’ (Taṇhakkhaya), andthe cessation (Nirodha) of dukkha, which is Nirvāṇa. It is interesting and useful to remember here the Mahāyāna view of Nirvāṇa as not being different from Saṃsāra.[105] The same thing is Saṃsāra or Nirvāṇa according to the way you look at it – subjectively or objectively. This Mahāyāna view was probably developed out of the ideas found in the original Theravāda Pali texts, to which we have just referred in our brief discussion.

It is incorrect to think that Nirvāṇa is the natural result of the extinction of craving. Nirvāṇa is not the result of anything. If it would be a result, then it would be an effect produced by a cause. It would be saṃkhata ‘produced’ and ‘conditioned’. Nirvāṇa is neither cause nor effect. It is beyond cause and effect. Truth is not a result nor an effect. It is not produced like a mystic, spiritual, mental state, such as dhyāna or samādhi. TRUTH IS. NIRVĀṆA IS. The only thing you can do is to see it, to realize it. There is a path leading to the realization of Nirvāṇa. But Nirvāṇa is not the result of this path.[106] You may get to the mountain along a path, but the mountain is not the result, not an effect of the path. You may see a light, but the light not the result of your eyesight.

People often ask: What is there after Nirvāṇa? This question cannot arise, because Nirvāṇa is the Ultimate Truth. If it is Ultimate, there can be nothing after it. If there is anything after Nirvāṇa, then that will be the Ultimate Truth and not Nirvāṇa. A monk named Rādha put this question to the Buddha in a different form: ‘For what purpose (or end) is Nirvāṇa?’ This question presupposes something after Nirvāṇa, when it postulates some purpose or end for it. So the Buddha answered: ‘O Rādha, this question could not catch its limit (i.e., it is beside the point). One lives the holy life with Nirvāṇa as its final plunge (into the Absolute Truth), as its goal, as its ultimate end.’[107]

Some popular inaccurately phrased expressions like ‘The Buddha entered into or after his death’ have given rise to many imaginary speculations about Nirvāṇa.[108] The moment you hear the phrase that ‘the Buddha entered into Nirvāṇa or Parinirvāṇa’, you take Nirvāṇa to be a state, or a realm, or a position in which there is some sort of existence, and try to imagine it in terms of the senses of the word ‘existence’ as it is known to you. This popular expression ‘entered into Nirvāṇa’ has no equivalent in the original texts. There is no such thing as ‘entering into Nirvāṇa after death’. There is a word parinibbuto used to denote the death of the Buddha or an Arahant who has realized Nirvāṇa, but it does not mean ‘entering into Nirvāṇa’. Parinibbuto simply means ‘fully passed away’, ‘fully blown out’ or ‘fully extinct’, because the Buddha or an Arahant has no re-existence after his death.

Now another question arises: What happens to the Buddha or an after his death, This comes under the category of unanswered questions (avyākata).[109] Even when the Buddha spoke about this, he indicated that no words in our vocabulary could express what happens to an Arahant after his death. In reply to a Parivrājaka named Vaccha, the Buddha said that terms like ‘born’ or ‘not born’ do not apply in the case of an Arahant, because those things – matter, sensation, perception, mental activities, consciousness – with which the terms like ‘born’ and ‘not born’ are associated, are completely destroyed and uprooted, never to rise again after his death.[110]

An Arahant after his death is often compared to a fire gone out when the supply of wood is over, or to the flame of a lamp gone out when the wick and oil are finished.[111] Here it should be clearly and distinctly understood, without any confusion, that what is compared to a flame or a fire gone out is not Nirvāṇa, but the ‘being’ composed of the Five Aggregates who realized Nirvāṇa. This point has to be emphasized because many people, even some great scholars, have misunderstood and misinterpreted this smile as referring to is never compared to a fire or a lamp gone out.

There is another popular question: If there is no Self, no who realizes therefore we go on to Nirvāṇa, let us ask the question: Who thinks now, if there is no Self? We have seen earlier that it is the thought that thinks, that there is no thinker behind the thought. In the same way, it is wisdom (paññā), realization, that realizes. There is no other self behind the realization. In the discussion of the orgin of dukkha we saw that whatever it may be – whether being, or thing, or system – if it is of the nature of arising, it has within itself the nature, the germ, of its cessation, its destruction. Now dukkha, saṃsāra, the cycle of continuity, is of the nature of arising; it must also be of the nature of cessation. Dukkha arises because of ‘thirst’ (taṇhā), and it ceases because of wisdom (paññā). ‘Thirst’ and wisdom are both within the Five Aggregates, as we saw earlier.[112]

Thus, the germ of their arising as well as that of their cessation are both within the Five Aggregates. This is the real meaning of the Buddha’s well-known statement: ‘Within this fathom-long sentient body itself, I postulate the world, the arising of the world, the cessation of the world, and the path leading to the cessation of the world.’[113] This means that all the Four Noble Truths are found within the Five Aggregates, i.e., within ourselves. (Here the word ‘world’ (loka) is used in place of. This also means that there is no external power that produces the arising and the cessation of dukkha.

When wisdom is developed and cultivated according to the Fourth Noble Truth (the next to be taken up), it sees the secret of life, the reality of things as they are. When the secret is discovered, when the Truth is seen, all the forces which feverishly produce the continuity of saṃsāra in illusion become calm and incapable of producing any more karma-formations, because there is no more illusion, no more ‘thirst’ for continuity. It is like a mental disease which is cured when the cause or the secret of the malady is discovered and seen by the patient.

In almost all religions the can be attained only after death. But Nirvāṇa can be realized in this very life; it is not necessary to wait till you die to ‘attain’ it.

He who has realized the Truth,is the happiest being in the world. He is free from all ‘complexes’ and obsessions, the worries and troubles that torment others. His mental health is perfect. He does not repent the past, nor does he brood over the future. He lives fully in the present.[114] Therefore he appreciates and enjoys things in the purest sense without self-projections. He is joyful, exultant, enjoying the pure life, his faculties pleased, free from anxiety, serene and peaceful.[115] As he is free from selfish desire, hatred, ignorance, conceit, pride, and all such ‘defilements’, he is pure and gentle, full of universal love, compassion, kindness, sympathy, understanding and tolerance. His service to others is of the purest, for he has no thought of self. He gains nothing, accumulates nothing, not even anything spiritual, because he is free from the illusion of Self, and the ‘thirst’ for becoming.

is beyond all terms of duality and relativity. It is therefore beyond our conceptions of good and evil, right and wrong, existence and non-existence. Even the word ‘happiness’ (sukha) which is used to describe Nirvāṇa has an entirely different sense here. Sāriputta once said: ‘O friend, Nirvāṇa is happiness! Nirvāṇa is happiness!’ Then Udāyi asked: ‘But, friend Sāriputta, what happiness can it be if there is no sensation?’ Sāriputta’s reply was highly philosophical and beyond ordinary comprehension: ‘That there is no sensation itself is happiness.’

is beyond logic and reasoning. However much we may engage, often as a vain intellectual pastime, in highly speculative discussions regarding Nirvāṇa or Ultimate Truth or Reality, we shall never understand it that way. A child in the kindergarten should not quarrel about the theory of relativity. Instead, if he follows his studies patiently and diligently, one day he may understand it. Nirvāṇa is ‘to be realized by the wise within themselves’ (paccattaṃ veditabbo viññūhi). If we follow the Path patiently and with diligence, train and purify ourselves earnestly, and attain the necessary spiritual development, we may one day realize it within ourselves – without taxing ourselves with puzzling and high- sounding words.

Let us therefore now turn to the Path which leads to the realization of Nirvana.
swinging door which moves when we inhale and
when we exhale. "

When we practice  our mind always follows our breath-
ing. When we inhale, the air comes into the inner world.
When we exhale, the air goes out to the outer world. The
inner world is limitless, and the outer world is also limit-
less. We say "inner world" or "outer world," but actually
there is just one whole world. In this limitless world, our
throat is like a swinging door. The air comes in and goes
out like someone passing through a swinging door. If you
think, "I breathe," the "I" is extra. There is no you to say
"I." What we call "I" is just a swinging door which moves
when we inhale and when we exhale. It just moves; that is
all. When your mind is pure and calm enough to follow this
movement, there is nothing: no "I," no world, no mind nor
body; just a swinging door.

So when we practice , all that exists is the movement of the breathing, but we are aware of this movement.
You should not be absent-minded. But to be aware of the
movement does not mean to be aware of your small self,
but rather of your universal nature, or Buddha nature. This
kind of awareness is very important, because we are usually
so one-sided. Our usual understanding of life is dualistic:
you and I, this and that, good and bad. But actually these
discriminations are themselves the awareness of the universal existence. "You" means to be aware of the universe in
the form of you, and "I" means to be aware of it in the form
of I. You and I are just swinging doors. This kind of under-
standing is necessary. This should not even be called under-
standing ; it is actually the true experience of life through
Zen practice.

So when you practice , there is no idea of time or
space. You may say, "We started sitting at a quarter to six
in this room." Thus you have some idea of time (a quarter
to six), and some idea of space (in this room). Actually
what you are doing, however, is just sitting and being aware
of the universal activity. That is all. This moment the swing-
ing door is opening in one direction, and the next moment
the swinging door will be opening in the opposite direction.
Moment after moment each one of us repeats this activity.
Here there is no idea of time or space. Time and space are
one. You may say, "I must do something this afternoon,"
but actually there is no "this afternoon." We do things one
after the other. That is all. There is no such time as "this
afternoon" or "one o'clock" or "two o'clock." At one
o'clock you will eat your lunch. To eat lunch is itself one
o'clock. You will be somewhere, but that place cannot be
separated from one o'clock. For someone who actually appreciates our life, they are the same. But when we become
tired of our life we may say, "I shouldn't have come to this
place. It may have been much better to have gone to some
other place for lunch. This place is not so good." In your
mind you create an idea of place separate from an actual

time.

Or you may say, "This is bad, so I should not do this."
Actually, when you say, "I should not do this," you are doing
not-doing in that moment. So there is no choice for you.
When you separate the idea of time and space, you feel as if
you have some choice, but actually, you have to do some-
thing, or you have to do not-doing. Not-to-do something is
doing something. Good and bad are only in your mind. So
we should not say, "This is good," or "This is bad." Instead
of saying bad, you should say, "not-to-do" ! If you think,
"This is bad," it will create some confusion for you. So in
the realm of pure religion there is no confusion of time and
space, or good or bad. All that we should do is just do
something as it comes. Do something! Whatever it is, we
should do it, even if it is not-doing something. We should
live in this moment. So when we sit we concentrate on our
breathing, and we become a swinging door, and we do
something we should do, something we must do. This is


Zen practice. In this practice there is no confusion. If you
establish this kind of life you have no confusion whatsoever.

Tozan, a famous Zen master, said, "The blue mountain
is the father of the white cloud. The white cloud is the son
of the blue mountain. All day long they depend on each
other, without being dependent on each other. The white
cloud is always the white cloud. The blue mountain is al-
ways the blue mountain." This is a pure, clear interpretation of life. There may be many things like the white cloud
and blue mountain: man and woman, teacher and disciple.
They depend on each other. But the white cloud should not
be bothered by the blue mountain. The blue mountain
should not be bothered by the white cloud. They are quite
independent, but yet dependent. This is how we live, and
how we practice .

When we become truly ourselves, we just become a
swinging door, and we are purely independent of, and at
the same time, dependent upon everything. Without air,
we cannot breathe. Each one of us is in the midst of myriads
of worlds. We are in the center of the world always, moment
after moment. So we are completely dependent and independent. If you have this kind of experience, this kind of
existence, you have absolute independence; you will not be
bothered by anything. So when you practice , your
mind should be concentrated on your breathing. This kind
of activity is the fundamental activity of the universal being.
Without this experience, this practice, it is impossible to
attain absolute freedom.
we die, but at the same time we also develop ourselves, we
grow. Whatever we see is changing, losing its balance. The
reason everything looks beautiful is because it is out of balance, but its background is always in perfect harmony. This
is how everything exists in the realm of Buddha nature,
losing its balance against a background of perfect balance.
So if you see things without realizing the background of
Buddha nature, everything appears to be in the form of suffering. But if you understand the background of existence,
you realize that suffering itself is how we live, and how we
extend our life. So in Zen sometimes we emphasize the
imbalance or disorder of life.

Nowadays traditional Japanese painting has become pretty
formal and lifeless. That is why modern art has developed.
Ancient painters used to practice putting dots on paper in
artistic disorder. This is rather difficult. Even though you
try to do it, usually what you do is arranged in some order.
You think you can control it, but you cannot; it is almost
impossible to arrange your dots out of order. It is the same
with taking care of your everyday life. Even though you try
to put people under some control, it is impossible. You
cannot do it. The best way to control people is to encourage
them to be mischievous. Then they will be in control in its
wider sense. To give your sheep or cow a large, spacious
meadow is the way to control him. So it is with people:
first let them do what they want, and watch them. This is
the best policy. To ignore them is not good; that is the worst
policy. The second worst is trying to control them. The
best one is to watch them, just to watch them, without
trying to control them.

The same way works for you yourself as well. If you want
to obtain perfect calmness in your , you should not be
bothered by the various images you find in your mind. Let
them come, and let them go. Then they will be under con-
trol. But this policy is not so easy. It sounds easy, but it
requires some special effort. How to make this kind of ef-
fort is the secret of practice. Suppose you are sitting under


some extraordinary circumstances. If you try to calm your
mind you will be unable to sit, and if you try not to be
disturbed, your effort will not be the right effort. The only
effort that will help you is to count your breathing, or to
concentrate on your inhaling and exhaling. We say concen-
tration, but to concentrate your mind on something is not
the true purpose of Zen. The true purpose is to see things
as they are, to observe things as they are, and to let every-
thing go as it goes. This is to put everything under control
in its widest sense. Zen practice is to open up our small
mind. So concentrating is just an aid to help you realize
"big mind," or the mind that is everything. If you want to
discover the true meaning of Zen in your everyday life, you
have to understand the meaning of keeping your mind on
your breathing and your body in the right posture in .
You should follow the rules of practice and your study
should become more subtle and careful. Only in this way
can you experience the vital freedom of Zen.

Dogen-zenji said, "Time goes from present to past." This
is absurd, but in our practice sometimes it is true. Instead
of time progressing from past to present, it goes backwards
from present to past. Yoshitsune was a famous warrior who
lived in medieval Japan. Because of the situation of the coun-
try at that time, he was sent to the northern provinces, where
he was killed. Before he left he bade farewell to his wife,
and soon after she wrote in a poem, "Just as you unreel the
thread from a spool, I want the past to become present."
When she said this, actually she made past time present. In
her mind the past became alive and was the present. So as
Dogen said, "Time goes from present to past." This is not
true in our logical mind, but it is in the actual experience
of making past time present. There we have poetry, and
there we have human life.

When we experience this kind of truth it means we have
found the true meaning of time. Time constantly goes from
past to present and from present to future. This is true, but
it is also true that time goes from future to present and from
present to past. A Zen master once said, "To go eastward
one mile is to go westward one mile." This is vital freedom.
We should acquire this kind of perfect freedom.

But perfect freedom is not found without some rules.
People, especially young people, think that freedom is to
do just what they want, that in Zen there is no need for
rules. But it is absolutely necessary for us to have some rules.
But this does not mean always to be under control. As long
as you have rules, you have a chance for freedom. To try to
obtain freedom without being aware of the rules means
nothing. It is to acquire this perfect freedom that we practice
.

M IND WAVES "Because we enjoy all as-
pects of life as an unfolding of big mind, we do
not care for any excessive joy. So we have imperturbable
composure. "

When you are practicing , do not try to stop your think-
ing. Let it stop by itself. If something comes into your mind,
let it come in, and let it go out. It will not stay long. When
you try to stop your thinking, it means you are bothered by
it. Do not be bothered by anything. It appears as if something
comes from outside your mind, but actually it is only the
waves of your mind, and if you are not bothered by the
waves, gradually they will become calmer and calmer. In
five or at most ten minutes, your mind will be completely
serene and calm. At that time your breathing will become
quite slow, while your pulse will become a little faster.

It will take quite a long time before you find your calm,
serene mind in your practice. Many sensations come, many
thoughts or images arise, but they are just waves of your
own mind. Nothing comes from outside your mind. Usually
we think of our mind as receiving impressions and expe-
riences from outside, but that is not a true understanding of
our mind. The true understanding is that the mind includes


everything; when you think something comes from outside
it means only that something appears in your mind. Nothing
outside yourself can cause any trouble. You yourself make
the waves in your mind. If you leave your mind as it is, it
will become calm. This mind is called big mind.

If your mind is related to something outside itself, that
mind is a small mind, a limited mind. If your mind is not
related to anything else, then there is no dualistic understand-
ing in the activity of your mind. You understand activity as
just waves of your mind. Big mind experiences everything
within itself. Do you understand the difference between the
two minds: the mind which includes everything, and the
mind which is related to something? Actually they are the
same thing, but the understanding is different, and your
attitude towards your life will be different according to
which understanding you have.

That everything is included within your mind is the es-
sence of mind. To experience this is to have religious feeling.
Even though waves arise, the essence of your mind is pure;
it is just like clear water with a few waves. Actually water
always has waves. Waves are the practice of the water.. To
speak of waves apart from water or water apart from waves
is a delusion. Water and waves are one. Big mind and small
mind are one. When you understand your mind in this way,
you have some security in your feeling. As your mind does
not expect anything from outside, it is always filled. A mind
with waves in it is not a disturbed mind, but actually an
amplified one. Whatever you experience is an expression
of big mind.

The activity of big mind is to amplify itself through various
experiences. In one sense our experiences coming one by
one are always fresh and new, but in another sense they are
nothing but a continuous or repeated unfolding of the one
big mind. For instance, if you have something good for
breakfast, you will say, "This is good." "Good" is supplied
as something experienced some time long ago, even though
you may not remember when. With big mind we accept
When the alarm rings early in the morning, and you get up,
I think you do not feel so good. It is not easy to go and sit,
and even after you arrive at the zendo and begin  you
have to encourage yourself to sit well. These are just waves
of your mind. In pure  there should not be any waves
in your mind. While you are sitting these waves will become
smaller and smaller, and your effort will change into some
subtle feeling.

We say, "Pulling out the weeds we give nourishment to
the plant." We pull the weeds and bury them near the plant
to give it nourishment. So even though you have some dif-
ficulty in your practice, even though you have some waves
while you are sitting, those waves themselves will help you.
So you should not be bothered by your mind. You should
rather be grateful for the weeds, because eventually they
will enrich your practice. If you have some experience of
how the weeds in your mind change into mental nourish-
ment, your practice will make remarkable progress. You
will feel the progress. You will feel how they change into
self-nourishment. Of course it is not so difficult to give some
Strictly speaking, any effort we make is not good for our
practice because it creates waves in our mind. It is impos-
sible, however, to attain absolute calmness of our mind
without any effort. We must make some effort, but we must
forget ourselves in the effort we make. In this realm there is
no subjectivity or objectivity. Our mind is just calm, with-
out even any awareness. In this unawareness, every effort
and every idea and thought will vanish. So it is necessary for
us to encourage ourselves and to make an effort up to the
last moment, when all effort disappears. You should keep
your mind on your breathing until you are not aware of your
breathing.

We should try to continue our effort forever, but we
should not expect to reach some stage when we will forget
all about it. We should just try to keep our mind on our
breathing. That is our actual practice. That effort will be
refined more and more while you are sitting. At first the
effort you make is quite rough and impure, but by the power
of practice the effort will become purer and purer. When
your effort becomes pure, your body and mind become pure.
This is the way we practice Zen. Once you understand our
innate power to purify ourselves and our surroundings, you
can act properly, and you will learn from those around you,
and you will become friendly with others. This is the merit
of Zen practice. But the way of practice is just to be con-
centrated on your breathing with the right posture and with
great, pure effort. This is how we practice Zen.
In our scriptures (Samyuktagama Sutra, volume 33), it is
said that there are four kinds of horses: excellent ones, good
ones, poor ones, and bad ones. The best horse will run slow
and fast, right and left, at the driver's will, before it sees
the shadow of the whip; the second best will run as well as
the first one does, just before the whip reaches its skin; the
third one will run when it feels pain on its body; the fourth
will run after the pain penetrates to the marrow ofits bones.
You can imagine how difficult it is for the fourth one to
learn how to run!

When we hear this story, almost all of us want to be
the best horse. If it is impossible to be the best one, we want
to be the second best. This is, I think, the usual understand-
ing of this story, and of Zen. You may think that when you
sit in  you will find out whether you are one of the best
horses or one of the worst ones. Here, however, there is a
misunderstanding of Zen. If you think the aim of Zen prac-
tice is to train you to become one of the best horses, you
will have a big problem. This is not the right understanding.
If you practice Zen in the right way it does not matter
whether you are the best horse or the worst one. When
you consider the mercy of Buddha, how do you think Bud-
dha will feel about the four kinds of horses ? He will have
more sympathy for the worst one than for the best one.

When you are determined to practice  with the great
mind of Buddha, you will find the worst horse is the most
valuable one. In your very imperfections you will find the
basis for your firm, way-seeking mind. Those who can sit
perfectly physically usually take more time to obtain the true
way of Zen, the actual feeling of Zen, the marrow of Zen.
But those who find great difficulties in practicing Zen will
find more meaning in it. So I think that sometimes the best
horse may be the worst horse, and the worst horse can be
the best one.

If you study calligraphy you will find that those who are
not so clever usually become the best calligraphers. Those
who are very clever with their hands often encounter great
difficulty after they have reached a certain stage. This is also
true in art and in Zen. It is true in life. So when we talk
about Zen we cannot say, "He is good," or "He is bad," in
the ordinary sense of the words. The posture taken in
is not the same for each of us. For some it may be impossible
to take the cross-legged posture. But even though you cannot
take the right posture, when you arouse your real, way-
seeking mind, you can practice Zen in its true sense. Ac-
tually it is easier for those who have difficulties in sitting to
arouse the true way-seeking mind than for those who can
sit easily.

When we reflect on what are doing in our everyday life,
we are always ashamed of ourselves. One of my students
wrote to me saying, "You sent me a calendar, and I am
trying to follow the good mottoes which appear on each
page. But the year has hardly begun, and already I have
failed!" Dogen-zenji said,' 'Shoshaku jushaku." Shaku generally
means "mistake" or "wrong." Shoshaku jushaku means "to
succeed wrong with wrong," or one continuous mistake.
According to Dogen, one continuous mistake can also be
Zen. A Zen master's life could be said to be so many years
of shoshaku jushaku. This means so many years of one
single-minded effort.

We say, "A good father is not a good father." Do you
understand? One who thinks he is a good father is not a
good father; one who thinks he is a good husband is not a
good husband. One who thinks he is one of the worst hus-
bands may be a good one if he is always trying to be a good
husband with a single-hearted effort. If you find it impossible
to sit because of some pain or some physical difficulty, then
you should sit anyway, using a thick cushion or a chair.
Even though you are the worst horse you will get to the
marrow of Zen.

Suppose your children are suffering from a hopeless dis-
ease. You do not know what to do; you cannot lie in bed.
Normally the most comfortable place for you would be a
warm comfortable bed, but now because of your mental
agony you cannot rest. You may walk up and down, in and
out, but this does not help. Actually the best way to relieve
your mental suffering is to sit in , even in such a con-
fused state of mind and bad posture. If you have no experience
of sitting in this kind of difficult situation you are not a Zen
student. No other activity will appease your suffering. In
other restless positions you have no power to accept your
difficulties, but in the  posture which you have acquired
by long, hard practice, your mind and body have great power
to accept things as they are, whether they are agreeable or
disagreeable.

When you feel disagreeable it is better for you to sit.
There is no other way to accept your problem and work on
it. Whether you are the best horse or the worst, or whether
your posture is good or bad is out of the question. Everyone
can practice , and in this way work on his problems
and accept them.

When you are sitting in the middle of your own problem,
which is more real to you: your problem or you yourself?
The awareness that you are here, right now, is the ultimate
fact. This is the point you will realize by  practice. In
continuous practice, under a succession of agreeable and dis-
agreeable situations, you will realize the marrow of Zen and
acquire its true strength.
We say ourpractice should be without gaining ideas, without
any expectations, even of enlightenment. This does not mean,
however, just to sit without any purpose. This practice free
from gaining ideas is based on the Prajna Paramita Sutra.
However, if you are not careful the sutra itself will give you
a gaining idea. It says, "Form is emptiness and emptiness is
form." But if you attach to that statement, you are liable to
be involved in dualistic ideas: here is you, form, and here is
emptiness, which you are trying to realize through your form.
So "form is emptiness, and emptiness is form" is still dual-
istic. But fortunately, our teaching goes on to say, "Form is
form and emptiness is emptiness." Here there is no dualism.

When you find it difficult to stop your mind while you are
sitting and when you are still trying to stop your mind, this
is the stage of "form is emptiness and emptiness is form."
But while you are practicing in this dualistic way, more and
more you will have oneness with your goal. And when your
practice becomes effortless, you can stop your mind. This is
the stage of "form is form and emptiness is emptiness."

To stop your mind does not mean to stop the activities of
mind. It means your mind pervades your whole body. Your
mind follows your breathing. With your full mind you form
the mudra in your hands. With your whole mind you sit with
painful legs without being disturbed by them. This is to sit
without any gaining idea. At first you feel some restriction in
your posture, but when you are not disturbed by the restric-
tion, you have found the meaning of "emptiness is emptiness
and form is form." So to find your own way under some re-
striction is the way of practice.
you, this is what we mean by practice. When you say, "What-
ever I do is Buddha nature, so it doesn't matter what I do, and
there is no need to practice ," that is already a dualistic
understanding of our everyday life. If it really does not matter,
there is no need for you even to say so. As long as you are con-
cerned about what you do, that is dualistic. If you are not con-
cerned about what you do, you will not say so. When you
sit, you will sit. When you eat, you will eat. That is all. If
you say, "It doesn't matter," it means that you are making
some excuse to do something in your own way with your
small mind. It means you are attached to some particular
thing or way. That is not what we mean when we say, "Just
to sit is enough," or "Whatever you do is ." Of course
whatever we do is , but if so, there is no need to say it.

When you sit, you should just sit without being disturbed
by your painful legs or sleepiness. That is . But at first it
is very difficult to accept things as they are. You will be an-
noyed by the feeling you have in your practice. When you
can do everything, whether it is good or bad, without dis-
turbance or without being annoyed by the feeling, that is
actually what we mean by "form is form and emptiness is
emptiness."

When you suffer from an illness like cancer, and you real-
ize you cannot live more than two or three years, then seeking
something upon which to rely, you may start practice. One
person may rely on the help of God. Someone else may start
the practice of . His practice will be concentrated on
obtaining emptiness of mind. That means he is trying to be
free from the suffering of duality. This is the practice of
"form is emptiness and emptiness is form." Because of the
truth of emptiness, he wants to have the actual realization of
it in his life. If he practices in this way, believing and making
an effort, it will help him, of course, but it is not perfect
practice.

Knowing that your life is short, to enjoy it day after day,
moment after moment, is the life of "form is form, and emp-
tiness emptiness." When Buddha comes, you will welcome


him; when the devil comes, you will welcome him. The fa-
mous Chinese Zen master Ummon, said, "Sun-faced Buddha
and moon-faced Buddha." When he was ill, someone asked
him, "How are you?" And he answered, "Sun-faced Buddha
and moon-faced Buddha." That is the life of "form is form
and emptiness is emptiness." There is no problem. One year
of life is good. One hundred years of life are good. If you con-
tinue our practice, you will attain this stage.

At first you will have various problems, and it is necessary
for you to make some effort to continue our practice. For
the beginner, practice without effort is not true practice.
For the beginner, the practice needs great effort. Especially
for young people, it is necessary to try very hard to achieve
something. You must stretch out your arms and legs as wide
as they will go. Form is form. You must be true to your own
way until at last you actually come to the point where you
see it is necessary to forget all about yourself. Until you come
to this point, it is completely mistaken to think that what-
ever you do is Zen or that it does not matter whether you
practice or not. But if you make your best effort just to con-
tinue yourpractice with your whole mind and body, without
gaining ideas, then whatever you do will be true practice.
Just to continue should be your purpose. When you do some-
thing, just to do it should be your purpose. Form is form and
you are you, and true emptiness will be realized in your prac-
tice.
practice and bowing. Usually to bow means to pay our re-
spects to something which is more worthy of respect than
ourselves. But when you bow to Buddha you should have no
idea of Buddha, you just become one with Buddha, you are
already Buddha himself. When you become one with Bud-
dha, one with everything that exists, you find the true mean-
ing of being. When you forget all your dualistic ideas, every-
thing becomes your teacher, and everything can be the object
of worship.

When everything exists within your big mind, all dualistic
relationships drop away. There is no distinction between
heaven and earth, man and woman, teacher and disciple.
Sometimes a man bows to a woman; sometimes a woman
bows to a man. Sometimes the disciple bows to the master;
sometimes the master bows to the disciple. A master who
cannot bow to his disciple cannot bow to Buddha. Sometimes
the master and disciple bow together to Buddha. Sometimes
we may bow to cats and dogs.

In your big mind, everything has the same value. Every-
thing is Buddha himself. You see something or hear a sound,
and there you have everything just as it is. In your practice
you should accept everything as it is, giving to each thing the
same respect given to a Buddha. Here there is Buddhahood.
Then Buddha bows to Buddha, and you bow to yourself. This
is the true bow.

If you do not have this firm conviction of big mind in your
practice, your bow will be dualistic. When you are just your-
self, you bow to yourself in its true sense, and you are one
with everything. Only when you are you yourself can you
bow to everything in its true sense. Bowing is a very serious
practice. You should be prepared to bow even in your last
moment; when you cannot do anything except bow, you
should do it. This kind of conviction is necessary. Bow with
this spirit and all the precepts, all the teachings are yours, and
you will possess everything within your big mind.

Sen no Rikyu, the founder of the Japanese tea ceremony,
committed hcira-kiri (ritual suicide by disembowelment) in


1591 at the order of his lord, Hideyoshi. Just before Rikyu
took his own life he said, "When I have this sword there is no
Buddha and no Patriarchs." He meant that when we have the
sword of big mind, there is no dualistic world. The only
thing which exists is this spirit. This kind of imperturbable
spirit was always present in Rikyu's tea ceremony. He never
did anything in just a dualistic way; he was ready to die in
each moment. In ceremony after ceremony he died, and he
renewed himself. This is the spirit of the tea ceremony. This
is how we bow.

My teacher had a callous on his forehead from bowing. He
knew he was an obstinate, stubborn fellow, and so he bowed
and bowed and bowed. The reason he bowed was that inside
himselfhe always heard his master's scolding voice. He had
joined the Soto order when he was thirty, which for a Japa-
nese priest is rather late. When we are young we are less
stubborn, and it is easier to get rid of our selfishness. So his
master always called my teacher "You-lately-joined-fellow,"
and scolded him for joining so late. Actually his master loved
him for his stubborn character. When my teacher was sev-
enty, he said, "When I was young I was like a tiger, but now
I am like a cat!" He was very pleased to be like a cat.

Bowing helps to eliminate our self-centered ideas. This is
not so easy. It is difficult to get rid of these ideas, and bowing
is a very valuable practice. The result is not the point; it is
the effort to improve ourselves that is valuable. There is no
end to this practice.

Each bow expresses one of the four Buddhist vows. These
vows are: "Although sentient beings are innumerable, we
vow to save them. Although our evil desires are limitless, we
vow to be rid of them. Although the teaching is limitless, we
vow to learn it all. Although Buddhism is unattainable, we
vow to attain it." If it is unattainable, how can we attain it?
But we should! That is Buddhism.

To think, "Because it is possible we will do it," is not Bud-
dhism. Even though it is impossible, we have to do it be-
cause our true nature wants us to. But actually, whether of
this simple practice every day, you will obtain
some wonderful power. Before you attain it, it is some-
thing wonderful, but after you attain it, it is nothing
special. "

I do not feel like speaking after . I feel the practice of
 is enough. But if I must say something I think I would


like to talk about how wonderful it is to practice . Our
purpose is just to keep this practice forever. This practice
started from beginningless time, and it will continue into an
endless future. Strictly speaking, for a human being there is
no other practice than this practice. There is no other way of
life than this way of life. Zen practice is the direct expression
of our true nature.

Of course, whatever we do is the expression of our true
nature, but without this practice it is difficult to realize. It
is our human nature to be active and the nature of every ex-
istence. As long as we are alive, we are always doing some-
thing. But as long as you think, "I am doing this," or "I have
to do this," or "I must attain something special," you are
actually not doing anything. When you give up, when you no
longer want something, or when you do not try to do any-
thing special, then you do something. When there is no gain-
ing idea in what you do, then you do something. In  what
you are doing is not for the sake of anything. You may feel as
if you are doing something special, but actually it is only the
expression of your true nature; it is the activity which ap-
peases your inmost desire. But as long as you think you are
practicing  for the sake of something, that is not true
practice.

If you continue this simple practice every day you will ob-
tain a wonderful power. Before you attain it, it is something
wonderful, but after you obtain it, it is nothing special. It
is just you yourself, nothing special. As a Chinese poem says,
"I went and I returned. It was nothing special. Rozan famous
for its misty mountains; Sekko for its water." People think
it must be wonderful to see the famous range of mountains
covered by mists, and the water said to cover all the earth.
But if you go there you will just see water and mountains.
Nothing special.

It is a kind of mystery that for people who have no experi-
ence of enlightenment, enlightenment is something wonder-
ful. But if they attain it, it is nothing. But yet it is not nothing.
Do you understand? For a mother with children, having
children is nothing special. That is . So, if you continue
this practice, more and more you will acquire something —
nothing special, but nevertheless something. You may say
"universal nature" or "Buddhanature" or "enlightenment."
You may call it by many names, but for the person who has
it, it is nothing, and it is something.

When we express our true nature, we are human beings.
When we do not, we do not know what we are. We are not
an animal, because we walk on two legs. We are something
different from an animal, but what are we? We may be a
ghost; we do not know what to call ourselves. Such a creature
does not actually exist. It is a delusion. We are not a human
being anymore, but we do exist. When Zen is not Zen,
nothing exists. Intellectually my talk makes no sense, but if
you have experienced true practice, you will understand what
I mean. If something exists, it has its own true nature, its
Buddha nature. In the Pari-nirvana Sutra, Buddha says, "Ev-
erything has Buddha nature," but Dogen reads it in this way:
"Everything is Buddhanature." There is a difference. If you
say, "Everything has Buddha nature," it means Buddha na-
ture is in each existence, so Buddha nature and each existence
are different. But when you say, "Everything is Buddha na-
ture," it means everything is Buddha nature itself. When
there is no Buddhanature, there is nothing at all. Something
apart from Buddha nature is just a delusion. It may exist in
your mind, but such things actually do not exist.

So to be a human being is to be a Buddha. Buddha nature is
just another name for human nature, our true human nature.
Thus even though you do not do anything, you are actually
doing something. You are expressing yourself. You are ex-
pressing your true nature. Your eyes will express; your voice
will express; your demeanor will express. The most impor-
tant thing is to express your true nature in the simplest, most
adequate way and to appreciate it in the smallest existence.

While you are continuing this practice, week after week,
year after year, your experience will become deeper and
deeper, and your experience will cover everything you do


in your everyday life. The most important thing is to forget
all gaining ideas, all dualistic ideas. In other words, just prac-
tice  in a certain posture. Do not think about anything.
Just remain on your cushion without expecting anything.
Then eventually you will resume your own true nature. That
is to say, your own true nature resumes itself.
The purpose of my talk is not to give you some intellectual
understanding, but just to express my appreciation of our
Zen practice. To be able to sit with you in  is very, very
unusual. Of course, whatever we do is unusual, because our
life itself is so unusual. Buddha said, "To appreciate your
human life is as rare as soil on your fingernail." You know,
dirt hardly ever sticks on your nail. Our human life is rare and
wonderful; when I sit I want to remain sitting forever, but I
encourage myself to have another practice, for instance to re-
cite the sutra, or to bow. And when I bow, I think, "This is
wonderful." But I have to change my practice again to re-
cite the sutra. So the purpose of my talk is to express my ap-
preciation, that is all. Our way is not to sit to acquire some-
thing; it is to express our true nature. That is our practice.

If you want to express yourself, your true nature, there
should be some natural and appropriate way of expression.
Even swaying right and left as you sit down or get up from
 is an expression of yourself. It is not preparation for
practice, or relaxation after practice; it is part of the prac-
tice. So we should not do it as if it were preparing for some-
thing else. This should be true in your everyday life. To cook,
or to fix some food, is not preparation, according to Dogen;
it is practice. To cook is notjust to prepare food for some-
one or for yourself; it is to express your sincerity. So when
you cook you should express yourself in your activity in the
kitchen. You should allow yourself plenty of time; you should
work on it with nothing in your mind, and without expecting
anything. You should just cook! That is also an expression
of our sincerity, a part of our practice. It is necessary to sit
in , in this way, but sitting is not our only way. What-
ever you do, it should be an expression of the same deep
activity. We should appreciate what we are doing. There
is no preparation for something else.

The Bodhisattva's way is called "the single-minded way,"
or "one railway track thousands of miles long." The railway
track is always the same. If it were to become wider or
narrower, it would be disastrous. Wherever you go, the
railway track is always the same. That is the Bodhisattva's
way. So even if the sun were to rise from the west, the
Bodhisattva has only one way. His way is in each moment
to express his nature and his sincerity.

We say railway track, but actually there is no such thing.
Sincerity itself is the railway track. The sights we see from
the train will change, but we are always running on the
same track. And there is no beginning or end to the track:
beginningless and endless track. There is no starting point
nor goal, nothing to attain. Just to run on the track is our
way. This is the nature of our Zen practice.

But when you become curious about the railway track,
danger is there. You should not see the railway track. If you
look at the track you will become dizzy. Just appreciate
the sights you see from the train. That is our way. There is
no need for the passengers to be curious about the track.
Someone will take care of it; Buddha will take care of it.
But sometimes we try to explain the railway track because
we become curious if something is always the same. We
wonder, "How is it possible for the Bodhisattva always to be
the same? What is his secret?" But there is no secret.
Everyone has the same nature as the railway track.

There were two good friends, Chokei and Hofuku. They
were talking about the Bodhisattva's way, and Chokei said,
"Even if the arhat (an enlightened one) were to have evil
desires, still the Tathagata (Buddha) does not have two kinds
of words. I say that the Tathagata has words, but no dualistic
words." Hofuku said, "Even though you say so, your com-
ment is not perfect." Chokei asked, "What is your under-


standing of the Tathagata's words?" Hofuku said, "We have
had enough discussion, so let's have a cup of tea!" Hofuku
did not give his friend an answer, because it is impossible
to give a verbal interpretation of our way. Nevertheless, as
a part of their practice these two good friends discussed the
Bodhisattva's way, even though they did not expect to find
a new interpretation. So Hofuku answered, "Our discussion
is over. Let's have a cup of tea!"

That is a very good answer, isn't it? It is the same for my
talk — when my talk is over, your listening is over. There is
no need to remember what I say; there is no need to under-
stand what I say. You understand; you have full understanding
within yourself. There is no problem.
The Indian thought and practice encountered by Buddha was
based on an idea of human beings as a combination of spiritual
and physical elements. They thought that the physical side
of man bound the spiritual side, and so their religious prac-
tice was aimed at making the physical element weaker in
order to free and strengthen the spirit. Thus the practice
Buddha found in India emphasized asceticism. But Buddha
found when he practiced asceticism that there was no limit
to the attempt to purge ourselves physically, and that it
made religious practice very idealistic. This kind of war with
our body can only end when we die. But according to this
Indian thought, we will return in another life, and another
life, to repeat the struggle over and over again, without ever
attaining perfect enlightenment. And even if you think you
can make your physical strength weak enough to free your
spiritual power, it will only work as long as you continue
your ascetic practice. If you resume your everyday life you
will have to strengthen your body, but then you will have
to weaken it again to regain your spiritual power. And then
you will have to repeat this process over and over again.
This may be too great a simplification of the Indian practice
encountered by Buddha, and we may laugh at it, but actually
some people continue this practice even today. Sometimes
without realizing it, this idea of asceticism is in the back of
their minds. But practicing in this way will not result in any
progress.

Buddha's way was quite different. At first he studied the
Hindu practice of his time and area, and he practiced ascet-
icism. But Buddha was not interested in the elements com-
prising human beings, nor in metaphysical theories of
existence. He was more concerned about how he himself
existed in this moment. That was his point. Bread is made
from flour. How flour becomes bread when put in the oven
was for Buddha the most important thing. How we become
enlightened was his main interest. The enlightened person
is some perfect, desirable character, for himself and for
others. Buddha wanted to find out how human beings develop
this ideal character — how various sages in the past became
sages. In order to find out how dough became perfect bread,
he made it over and over again, until he became quite suc-
cessful. That was his practice.

But we may find it not so interesting to cook the same
thing over and over again every day. It is rather tedious, you
may say. If you lose the spirit of repetition it will become
quite difficult, but it will not be difficult if you are full of
strength and vitality. Anyway, we cannot keep still; we have
to do something. So if you do something, you should be
very observant, and careful, and alert. Our way is to put the
dough in the oven and watch it carefully. Once you know
how the dough becomes bread, you will understand en-
lightenment. So how this physical body becomes a sage is
our main interest. We are not so concerned about what
flour is, or what dough is, or what a sage is. A sage is a sage.
Metaphysical explanations of human nature are not the point.

So the kind of practice we stress thus cannot become too
My master died when I was thirty-one. Although I wanted
to devote myself just to Zen practice at Eiheiji monastery,
I had to succeed my master at his temple. I became quite
busy, and being so young I had many difficulties. These dif-
ficulties gave me some experience, but it meant nothing
compared with the true, calm, serene way of life.

It is necessary for us to keep the constant way. Zen is not
some kind of excitement, but concentration on our usual
everyday routine. If you become too busy and too excited,
your mind becomes rough and ragged. This is not good. If
possible, try to be always calm and joyful and keep yourself
from excitement. Usually we become busier and busier, day
by day, year by year, especially in our modern world. If we
revisit old, familiar places after a long time, we are aston-
ished by the changes. It cannot be helped. But if we become
interested in some excitement, or in our own change, we
will become completely involved in our busy life, and we
will be lost. But if your mind is calm and constant, you can
keep yourself away from the noisy world even though you
Zen is not something to get excited about. Some people
start to practice Zen just out of curiosity, and they only
make themselves busier. If your practice makes you worse,
it is ridiculous. I think that if you try to do  once a
week, that will make you busy enough. Do not be too in-
terested in Zen. When young people get excited about Zen
they often give up schooling and go to some mountain or
forest in order to sit. That kind of interest is not true
interest.

Just continue in your calm, ordinary practice and your
character will be built up. If your mind is always busy, there
will be no time to build, and you will not be successful,
particularly if you work too hard on it. Building character
is like making bread — you have to mix it little by little,
step by step, and moderate temperature is needed. You know
yourself quite well, and you know how much temperature
you need. You know exactly what you need. But if you get
too excited, you will forget how much temperature is good
for you, and you will lose your own way. This is very
dangerous.

Buddha said the same thing about the good ox driver. The
driver knows how much load the ox can carry, and he keeps
the ox from being overloaded. You know your way and
your state of mind. Do not carry too much! Buddha also
said that building character is like building a dam. You
should be very careful in making the bank. If you try to do
it all at once, water will leak from it. Make the bank care-
fully and you will end up with a fine dam for the reservoir.

Our unexciting way of practice may appear to be very
negative. This is not so. It is a wise and effective way to work
on ourselves. It is just very plain. I find this point very diffi-
cult for people, especially young people, to understand. On
the other hand it may seem as if I am speaking about gradual
attainment. This is not so either. In fact, this is the sudden
idea of practice or attainment, and you cannot get out of it.
When you are involved in some dualistic idea, it means your
practice is not pure. By purity we do not mean to polish
something, trying to make some impure thing pure. By
purity we just mean things as they are. When something is
added, that is impure. When something becomes dualistic,
that is not pure. If you think you will get something from
practicing , already you are involved in impure prac-
tice. It is all right to say there is practice, and there is
enlightenment, but we should not be caught by the state-
ment. You should not be tainted by it. When you practice
, just practice . If enlightenment comes, it just
comes. We should not attach to the attainment. The true
quality of  is always there, even if you are not aware
of it, so forget all about what you think you may have gained
from it. Just do it. The quality of  will express itself;
then you will have it.

People ask what it means to practice  with no gaining
idea, what kind of effort is necessary for that kind of prac-
tice. The answer is: effort to get rid of something extra
from our practice. If some extra idea comes, you should try
to stop it; you should remain in pure practice. That is the
point towards which our effort is directed.

We say, "To hear the sound of one hand clapping."
Usually the sound of clapping is made with two hands, and
we think that clapping with one hand makes no sound at all.
But actually, one hand is sound. Even though you do not hear
it, there is sound. If you clap with two hands, you can hear
the sound. But if sound did not already exist before you
clapped, you could not make the sound. Before you make it
there is sound. Because there is sound, you can make it, and
you can hear it. Sound is everywhere. If you just practice
it, there is sound. Do not try to listen to it. If you do not
listen to it, the sound is all over. Because you try to hear it,
sometimes there is sound, and sometimes there is no sound.
Do you understand? Even though you do not do anything,


you have the quality of  always. But if you try to find
it, if you try to see the quality, you have no quality.

You are living in this world as one individual, but before
you take the form of a human being, you are already there,
always there. We are always here. Do you understand? You
think before you were born you were not here. But how is
it possible for you to appear in this world, when there is no
you? Because you are already there, you can appear in the
world. Also, it is not possible for something to vanish
which does not exist. Because something is there, something
can vanish. You may think that when you die, you disappear,
you no longer exist. But even though you vanish, something
which is existent cannot be non-existent. That is the magic.
We ourselves cannot put any magic spells on this world.
The world is its own magic. If we are looking at something,
it can vanish from our sight, but if we do not try to see it,
that something cannot vanish. Because you are watching it,
it can disappear, but if no one is watching, how is it possible
for anything to disappear? If someone is watching you, you
can escape from him, but if no one is watching, you cannot
escape from yourself.

So try not to see something in particular; try not to
achieve anything special. You already have everything in
your own pure quality. If you understand this ultimate fact,
there is no fear. There may be some difficulty, of course,
but there is no fear. If people have difficulty without being
aware of the difficulty, that is true difficulty. They may ap-
pear very confident, they may think they are making a big
effort in the right direction, but without knowing it, what
they do comes out of fear. Something may vanish for them.
But if your effort is in the right direction, then there is no
fear of losing anything. Even if it is in the wrong direction,
if you are aware of that, you will not be deluded. There is
nothing to lose. There is only the constant pure quality of
right practice.
When we practice  our mind is calm and quite simple.
But usually our mind is very busy and complicated, and it
is difficult to be concentrated on what we are doing. This
is because before we act we think, and this thinking leaves
some trace. Our activity is shadowed by some preconceived
idea. The thinking not only leaves some trace or shadow,
but also gives us many other notions about other activities
and things. These traces and notions make our minds very
complicated. When we do something with a quite simple,
clear mind, we have no notion or shadows, and our activity
is strong and straightforward. But when we do something
with a complicated mind, in relation to other things or
people, or society, our activity becomes very complex.

Most people have a double or triple notion in one activity.
There is a saying, "To catch two birds with one stone."
That is what people usually try to do. Because they want to
catch too many birds they find it difficult to be concentrated
on one activity, and they may end up not catching any birds
at all! That kind of thinking always leaves its shadow on their
activity. The shadow is not actually the thinking itself. Of
course it is often necessary to think or prepare before we
act. But right thinking does not leave any shadow. Thinking
which leaves traces comes out of your relative confused
mind. Relative mind is the mind which sets itself in relation
to other things, thus limiting itself. It is this small mind
which creates gaining ideas and leaves traces of itself.

If you leave a trace of your thinking on your activity, you
will be attached to the trace. For instance, you may say,
"This is what I have done ! " But actually it is not so. In your
recollection you may say, "I did such and such a thing in
some certain way," but actually that is never exactly what
happened. When you think in this way you limit the actual


experience of what you have done. So if you attach to the
idea of what you have done, you are involved in selfish ideas.

Often we think what we have done is good, but it may
not actually be so. When we become old, we are often very
proud of what we have done. When others listen to someone
proudly telling something which he has done, they will feel
funny, because they know his recollection is one-sided. They
know that what he has told them is not exactly what he did.
Moreover, if he is proud of what he did, that pride will
create some problem for him. Repeating his recollections
in this way, his personality will be twisted more and more,
until he becomes quite a disagreeable, stubborn fellow. This
is an example of leaving a trace of one's thinking. We should
not forget what we did, but it should be without an extra
trace. To leave a trace is not the same as to remember
something. It is necessary to remember what we have done,
but we should not become attached to what we have done
in some special sense. What we call "attachment" is just
these traces of our thought and activity.

In order not to leave any traces, when you do something,
you should do it with your whole body and mind; you should
be concentrated on what you do. You should do it completely, like a good bonfire. You should not be a smoky
fire. You should burn yourself completely. If you do not
burn yourself completely, a trace of yourself will be left in
what you do. You will have something remaining which is
not completely burned out. Zen activity is activity which
is completely burned out, with nothing remaining but ashes.
This is the goal of our practice. That is what Dogen meant
when he said, "Ashes do not come back to firewood." Ash
is ash. Ash should be completely ash. The firewood should
be firewood. When this kind of activity takes place, one
activity covers everything.

So our practice is not a matter of one hour or two hours,
or one day or one year. If you practice  with your whole
body and mind, even for a moment, that is . So moment
after moment you should devote yourself to your practice.
You should not have any remains after you do something.
But this does not mean to forget all about it. If you under-
stand this point, all the dualistic thinking and all the prob-
lems of life will vanish.

When you practice Zen you become one with Zen. There
is no you and no . When you bow, there is no Buddha
and no you. One complete bowing takes place, that is all.
This is Nirvana. When Buddha transmitted our practice to
Maha Kashyapa, he just picked up a flower with a smile.
Only Maha Kashyapa understood v/hat he meant; no one else
understood. We do not know if this is a historical event or
not, but it means something. It is a demonstration of our
traditional way. Some activity which covers everything is
true activity, and the secret of this activity is transmitted
from Buddha to us. This is Zen practice, not some teaching
taught by Buddha, or some rules of life set up by him. The
teaching or the rules should be changed according to the
place, or according to the people who observe them, but
the secret of this practice cannot be changed. It is always
true.

So for us there is no other way to live in this world. I
think this is quite true; and this is easy to accept, easy to
understand, and easy to practice. If you compare the kind
of life based on this practice with what is happening in this
world, or in human society, you will find out just how valuable
the truth Buddha left us is. It is quite simple, and practice
is quite simple. But even so, we should not ignore it; its
great value must be discovered. Usually when it is so simple
we say, "Oh, I know that! It is quite simple. Everyone
knows that." But if we do not find its value, it means nothing It is the same as not knowing. The more you understand
culture, the more you will understand how true and how
necessary this teaching is. Instead of only criticizing your
culture, you should devote your mind and body to practicing
this simple way. Then society and culture will grow out of
you. It may be all right for the people who are too attached
to their culture to be critical. Their critical attitude means


they are coming back to the simple truth left by Buddha.
But our approach is just to be concentrated on a simple
basic practice and a simple basic understanding of life. There
should be no traces in our activity. We should not attach
to some fancy ideas or to some beautiful things. We should
not seek for something good. The truth is always near at
hand, within your reach.
Every existence in nature, every existence in the human
world, every cultural work that we create, is something
which was given, or is being given to us, relatively speaking.
But as everything is originally one, we are, in actuality,
giving out everything. Moment after moment we are create-
ing something, and this is the joy of our life. But this "1"
which is creating and always giving out something is not the
"small I" ; it is the "big I." Even though you do not realize
the oneness of this "big I" with everything, when you give
something you feel good, because at that time you feel at
one with what you are giving. This is why it feels better to
give than to take.

We have a saying, "Dana prajna paramita." "Dana"
means to give, "prajna" is wisdom, and "paramita" means
to cross over, or to reach the other shore. Our life can be
seen as a crossing of a river. The goal of our life's effort is to
reach the other shore. Nirvana. "Prajna paramita," the true
wisdom of life, is that in each step of the way, the other
shore is actually reached. To reach the other shore with each
step of the crossing is the way of true living. "Dana prajna
paramita" is the first of the six ways of true living. The
second is "sila prajna paramita," or the Buddhist precepts.
Then there are "kshanti prajna paramita," or endurance; or ardor and constant effort;
